$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
$ 200 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1994 , with equity - purchase warrants , indicating a 4 1\/2 % coupon at par via Yamaichi International Europe Ltd .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
$ 300 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1993 , with equity - purchase warrants , indicating a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par via Nomura International Ltd .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
( Separately , the Senate last week passed a bill permitting execution of terrorists who kill Americans abroad . )
11 million copies of the flyer were distributed to the public via an 85-newspaper distribution chain .
1989 saw the release of `` Misspent Youth '' on MCA .
22 of which reached the Top 10 in the UK Singles Chart .
22.6 % of all households were made up of individuals and 4.5 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
23.60 % of all households were made up of individuals and 8.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
23.8 % of all households were made up of individuals and 13.0 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
26.8 % of all households were made up of individuals and 13.2 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
32.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 15.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
35.0 % of all households were made up of individuals and 14.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
42.6 % of all households were made up of individuals and 27.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
A British version of this show was developed , known as `` Gladiators : Train 2 Win '' .
A CEN forms an important but small part of a Local Strategic Partnership .
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .
A Coke spokesman said he could n't say whether that is the direction of the talks .
A Democrat , he became the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history in September 2006 at the age of 26 .
A Fifth order Fresnel lens manufactured by Parisian glass makers Barbier and Fenestre was installed in the lantern .
A Ford spokesman said the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem .
A Fourier transform is done to extract the frequency-domain spectrum from the raw time-domain FID .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , `` and it was boring .
A V-1 flying bomb hit Colindale Hospital on 1 July 1944 , killing four members of the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force .
A better alternative in order to find the best possible results would be to use the Smith-Waterman algorithm .
A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people and injuring about 30 others , including two Americans , authorities said .
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .
A casting director at the time told Scott that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before ; he was casting for the `` G.I. Joe '' cartoon .
A character notes some practical difficulties with such a map and states that `` we now use the country itself , as its own map , and I assure you it does nearly as well . ''
A common name , logo , and programming schedule followed in 1982 , with the establishment of the `` TV8 '' network between the three stations , changed to the `` Southern Cross Network '' seven years later .
A company spokesman did n't know Mr. Wakeman 's age .
A cooling center is a temporary air-conditioned public space set up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave .
A dam on the creek has created a lake covering for fishing , boating , and swimming .
A different judge then ordered the case reviewed by a higher court .
A famous example is when Scooter Libby , former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney , was referred to as a `` former Hill staffer '' by `` New York Times '' reporter Judith Miller .
A famous work of fiction featuring scriveners is the short story `` Bartleby , the Scrivener '' by Herman Melville , first published in 1853 .
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
A federated identity in information technology is the means of linking a person 's electronic identity and attributes , stored across multiple distinct identity management systems .
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
A few other riders were found , including Rik van Looy , and some obliged and others refused .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
A furious German counterattack managed to overrun a number of American infantry positions outside of the hotel , and temporarily released pressure on the Quellenhof before being beaten off by concerted American mortar fire .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
A half - dozen Soviet space officials , in Tokyo in July for an exhibit , stopped by to see their counterparts at the National Space Development Agency of Japan .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
A large colony of Quakers were among the earliest settlers in Talbot County ; as they had no reverence for saints , they persisted in dropping the word saint and calling the river Michaels River .
A large gravestone was erected in 1866 , over 100 years after his death .
A link between atypical antipsychotics , such as risperidone and quetiapine , and pituitary tumor growth has been generally reported .
A manifold is `` prime '' if it can not be presented as a connected sum of more than one manifold , none of which is the sphere of the same dimension .
A massive cluster of thunderstorms occurred on July 11 , 2004 , with large hail and over of rain reported within the space of an hour in many places .
A meander of the Marne river divides the old city into the North Quarter and the South Quarter .
A mid-March 2002 court order to stop printing for three months , was evaded by printing under other titles , such as `` Not That Respublika '' .
A minor triad can also be described as a minor third interval with a major third interval on top or as a root note , a note 3 semitones higher than the root , and a note 7 semitones higher than the root .
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 % .
A motorcycle speedway long-track meeting , one of the few held in the UK , was staged at Ammanford .
A new club , Hapoel Maxim Lod was established soon after , but folded in 2007 .
A nonsurgical alternative involves the use of a miotic to constrict the pupil and prevent the lens from luxating into the anterior chamber .
A number of different numbering and classification schemes were used for the locomotives owned by the London and North Eastern Railway and its constituent companies .
A number of rare and endemic plants are adapted to the unique limestone soils of the mountains , including the cliffdweller , bristlecone cryptantha , and Inyo rock daisy .
A number of sunken old sailing ships have been suggested to be `` Le Griffon '' but , except for the ones proven to be other ships , there has been no positive identification .
A one of TVN 's planned channel is a TVN24 HD .
A partial list of turbomachinery that may use one or more centrifugal compressors within the machine are listed here .
A plaque was erected in the 1960s commemorating this .
A proprietary name for : a language programme integrating speech , manual signs , and graphic symbols , developed to help people for whom communication is very difficult , esp .
A public inquiry into the scheme started on 10 November 2009 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
A rolling hash is a hash function where the input is hashed in a window that moves through the input .
A second factor is resource dependence ; there must be a perceptible threat of resource depletion , and it must be difficult to find substitutes .
A series of councils were held in 657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080 .
A short distance to the east , NC 111 diverges on Greenwood Boulevard .
A short-lived Bolshevik government was suppressed in May 1918 and Sukhum was incorporated into the Democratic Republic of Georgia as a residence of the autonomous People 's Council of Abkhazia and the headquarters of the Georgian governor-general .
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .
A skilled detective and crime fighter , Dare 's adventures appeared in `` Whiz Comics '' during the title 's earliest years .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
A specialist is an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock .
A spectrum from a single FID has a low signal-to-noise ratio , but fortunately it improves readily with averaging of repeated acquisitions .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
A spokesman said HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank .
A state judge postponed a decision on a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
A structural link forms a relation between two objects and is persistent .
A substantially revised version of `` Champagne Charlie '' was recorded in 1932 by the American blues singer Blind Blake .
A surprising 78 % of people said they exercise regularly , up from 73 % in 1981 .
A trade edition of 15,000 was later published by Alfred A. Knopf and was later included in King 's collection `` Nightmares & Dreamscapes '' .
A type modifier is used to make a pointer or reference .
A very early form of vaccination known as variolation was developed several thousand years ago in China .
A vigorous English-speaking middle class was now the dominant cultural force ; a number of its members were influenced by political or cultural nationalism , and some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language .
A year earlier UniFirst earned $ 2.4 million , or 24 cents a share adjusted for the split .
A year later , he was appointed Attorney-General for Ireland and on this occasion was sworn of the Privy Council of Ireland .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short - term money market , which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government .
About 2.4 % of families and 3.5 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 4.3 % of those under age 18 and 4.1 % of those age 65 or over .
About 2.9 % of families and 3.2 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 3.2 % of those under age 18 and 3.1 % of those age 65 or over .
About 20 % of women who are carriers for the fragile X premutation are affected by fragile X-related primary ovarian insufficiency , which is defined as menopause before the age of 40 .
About 60 % of the work force will continue with Gillette or transfer to Twins Pharmaceuticals , the company said .
About 800 have crossed the picket lines and returned to work .
Accepted bids ranged from 8 % to 8.019 % .
Accompanying demographic change has made the seat friendlier to Labor in more recent years .
Accomplishing both will be a balancing act as challenging as riding a unicycle .
According to Hofmann , while still a teenage coin collector , he forged a rare mint mark on a dime and was told by an organization of coin collectors that it was genuine .
According to Indian government analysis , they began the process of laying a corridor , which is now widely referred to as the Revolutionary Corridor extending from Nepal to across six Indian States , including Bihar , Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand , Andhra Pradesh , Odisha and Madhya Pradesh .
According to Kay `` As it was no longer possible for students to follow the programmes of both Geshes , the basis of Geshe Konchog 's teaching programme at the Institute was undermined , and in 1991 he retired to Gyuto Monastery in Assam , India . ''
According to Kerry Kennedy of the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights , Haidar was `` gagged , starved , sleep deprived , subjected to electric shock , severely beaten -- and worse '' during her imprisonment .
According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the region of Samaria , but from the fact that they were the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion .
According to available information , the Maoists of Nepal have well-established linkages with Indian revolutionary communist organizations , primarily with the Communist Party of India , currently leading a protracted `` people 's war '' throughout the subcontinent .
According to figures from the Department of Education for 2009/2010 , the number of pupils registered at school in Northern Ireland is 321,830 .
According to individuals familiar with the situation , the Frankfurt loss stemmed from a computer program for calculating prices on forward - rate agreements that failed to envision an interest - rate environment where short - term rates were equal to or higher than long - term rates .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .
According to the 2010 census , the population of the town is 2,310 .
According to the South Koreans , many Koreans became victims of Japanese brutalities during the colonial period .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of , all of it land .
According to the indictment , Gonzalez is accused of defrauding the West Bronx Neighborhood Association Inc. , a not-for-profit corporation , by using funds donated to the organization in order to pay for over $ 37,000 in personal expenses .
According to the wooden inscription on the left side of the pulpit , it was created about 700 years ago .
Accordingly , the 1962 Roman Missal , the edition whose continued use as an extraordinary form of the Roman Rite is authorized by the motu proprio `` Summorum Pontificum '' , also has no mention of her .
Accordingly , there was a need for an expansion and reorganisation of the existing regiments .
Accordingly , three proposed drafts were prepared for a revision of Speransky 's Fundamental Laws .
Across the mid-south , tiny communities of autochthonous ` Olekha speakers have all but disappeared .
Additionally , Mark composed verses celebrating the lives and achievements of his heroes , such as Joseph Bryennios .
Additionally , the French Community of Belgium has controversially begun referring to itself exclusively as the ` Wallonia-Brussels Federation ' to emphasize the links between the French Community , Wallonia and Brussels .
Addressed as `` My Lord '' or `` My Lady '' .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
Adnan Latif was in a car accident in 1994 , during which he suffered significant head injuries , which left him with on-going neurological problems .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
Advancing issues on the Big Board surged ahead of decliners 1,111 to
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
African rice helped Africa conquer its famine of 1203 .
After 1895 cable hauling ceased and locomotives pulled trains the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels .
After 2 or 3 days the vinegar is discarded and the fish is quickly rinsed with clean water .
After a break of four years , he became a Lord Justice of Appeal .
After a long tenure on Monday nights , Keibler and fellow `` Raw '' Diva , Christy Hemme , were moved to `` SmackDown ! ''
After a short absence Keibler began a short feud with the evil Jillian Hall , which led to the two having a match on `` Velocity '' , which Keibler lost .
After a short rest , the division drove across the Cecina River to liberate Livorno , 19 July 1944 , and continued on to take Monte Belmonte in October during the fighting on the Gothic Line .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
After another 2 or 3 days in the fridge the marinated fillets are ready to eat .
After completing her stint on `` Dancing with the Stars '' , Keibler left WWE to move on to other endeavors .
After five months , the Leake government failed , and the governor eventually invited Alf Morgans of the Ministerial Party to form a government and appoint a six-member Ministry .
After five years of searching , the Colonials found a primitive , lush and vibrant new world and named it Earth .
After graduation , Ciprian went on to study acting at the Bucharest Conservatory , where he was coached by Constantin Nottara .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
After his parents separated because of his father 's long trips , the younger La Flesche lived with his mother and her family among the Omaha .
After leaving , he tried to find acting jobs and worked as an Elvis impersonator for a short time .
After leaving `` Hex '' , Cole went on to appear as Blanche Ingram in the critically acclaimed `` Jane Eyre '' TV serial for the BBC and guest starred as Lilith in the `` Doctor Who '' episode `` The Shakespeare Code '' .
After practicing law locally , he was elected to his first 10 - year term as judge in 1971 ; in 1981 , he was effectively re - elected .
After rest and rehabilitation , the 34th landed at the Anzio beachhead 25 March 1944 .
After showing obvious talent and out-classing others many years his senior , the Victorian Institute of Sport recruited him .
After that , he resumed the practice of law , and was an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of Nebraska in 1880 .
After that date Helsingin seudun liikenne took over these responsibilities .
After the Battle of Culloden in 1746 , these rebellions were crushed .
After the British capture of Madrid , Hill had responsibility for an army of 30,000 men .
After the GASB was founded in 1984 , 11 years after the FASB , the government - owned entities were supposed to follow FASB rules unless the GASB superceded them .
After the battle , Battra rested in the Arctic Ocean , whereas Mothra retired to Infant Island , accompanied by the two Cosmos .
After this point many of the republicans were arrested in Free State `` round ups '' when they had come out of hiding and returned home .
After this she became very ill with a severe cold or pneumonia .
After years of talking about selling in Japan , more and more U.S. companies are seriously pouring in .
Afterward he has joined Emma Frost 's Academy of Tomorrow , a school for gifted beings .
Agen would have another successful run in the 1940s , beginning with the 1943 season when they defeated Stade Bordelais 11 to 4 to win the Coupe de France .
Air Canada has made a change in uniform by changing the dark green for a midnight blue colour .
Air Siam and Air France both began long-haul service to Fukuoka in 1975 , but withdrew within two years .
Alan , one of the crew , begins to behave strangely and Pete suggests taking a blood sample to check .
Alan Jansson remixed the song , with Makamoeafi and Iroegbu reuniting to rerecord the vocals .
Alan transforms into an alien creature and attacks Ed .
Alexander marched his army east through Cappadocia , where , for a stretch of nearly , there was no water .
Alexander supposedly said after this incident that he had never been so lucky in his entire career .
All faculty and staff have access to a GroupWise e-mail system .
All of `` Ramses '' crew survived the sinking and were taken prisoner .
All of the exegetical works of Eusebius have suffered damage in transmission .
All of the islands are under the Russian jurisdiction , but Japan claims the two southernmost large islands as part of its territory , as well as Shikotan and the Habomai islets , which has led to the ongoing Kuril Islands dispute .
All of the lessons learned from making `` The Old Mill '' would subsequently be incorporated into Disney 's feature-length animated films , especially 1937 's `` Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs '' .
All officers are additionally equipped with less-lethal weapons for use against threats that do not justify a firearms response .
All that were left was a group of rebel Cylons that had allied with the human fleet and settled with them , while its surviving , remnant mechanical counterparts , having finally been freed by the humans and rebel Cylons to `` find their own destiny '' , would leave Earth in peace , never to return .
All these vehicles have sharply improved Nissan 's morale and image -- but have n't done much for its market share .
All three had been photography students at The Art Center College of Design in Pasadena , California in 1979 when they became Newton 's longtime assistants , and all three went on to independent careers .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Along with many other attendees , she was subjected to forced disappearance by Moroccan authorities and held without trial until 1991 , when she was released .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
Along with the day-long events are 40 hot air balloons competing from five Great Lakes Region states to achieve tasks in the air and drop bean bags on targets from the air in competition .
Along with these , there were also commissioners sent to the army , in charge of provisioning the army , policing and finances ; they would supervise accountants , providers , merchants , and generals , and attend war councils and tribunals for military crimes .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Also , starting with `` Madden NFL 2004 '' , EA Sports created the new `` Playmaker '' tool , using the right analog joystick found on each of the adjustments previously unavailable in prior installments of the franchise .
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said .
Also buried at Three Rivers cemetery are his first wife , Blanche , several members of the Blick family who had also pioneered 1890s Rhodesia with Burnham , Roderick , his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh , and `` Pete '' Ingram , the Montana cowboy who had survived the Shangani Patrol massacre along with Burnham .
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be `` lost . ''
Although Knievel broke his arms , he was more distraught over a permanent injury his accident caused to the cameraman .
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said .
Although four people were killed and almost all survivors were injured , Hitler himself was shielded from the blast by the heavy , solid-oak conference table leg and was only slightly wounded .
Although he lived through troubled times , he did not play a prominent role in them .
Although in Flanders , the Flemish Region assigned all of its powers to the Flemish Community , the Walloon Region remains in principle distinct from and independent from the French Community , and vice-versa .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Although no specific agreements are expected , Mr. Shevardnadze said `` that does n't mean they will be without an agenda . ''
Although the Algeciras Conference temporarily solved the First Moroccan Crisis , it only worsened the tensions between the Triple Alliance and Triple Entente that ultimately led to the First World War .
Although the Treasury will announce details of the November refunding tomorrow , it could be delayed if Congress and President Bush fail to increase the Treasury 's borrowing capacity .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Although the area was known for its healthy waters at least since the late Middle Ages , the spa was officially founded in 1769 .
Although the villages were located close to industrial sites , they were generally physically separated from them and generally consisted of relatively high quality housing , with integrated community amenities and attractive physical environments .
Although they are Italian , composers typically use them even if they have written their initial tempo marking in some other language .
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive-bombers , `` Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Among circumcised males , reported incidence figures include 0 % , 0.01 % , 0.55 % , 0.9 % , 2.8 % , 7.29 % , 9-10 % , and 11 % .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
Among other things , they said , Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An `` Dangaioh '' adventure game was released for the PC-8801 in Japan in April 1990 .
An `` optical image stabilizer '' , often abbreviated OIS , IS , or OS , is a mechanism used in a still camera or video camera that stabilizes the recorded image by varying the optical path to the sensor .
An additional Sessions court has been sanctioned for Handwara , but it is yet to function .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
An affiliation was formed between the two stations and STV-8 Mildura in the 1970s .
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .
An animal that cares for its young but shows no other sociality traits is said to be `` subsocial '' .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
Analysts say additional investors transferred their assets into money funds this month .
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .
And ABS has formed a partnership with Habitat for Humanity to give a free Bible to each of its new homeowners in the United States .
And Dewar 's gave discounts on Scottish merchandise to people who sent in bottle labels .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
And at least fifteen inmates on the Nusakambangan prison island near Pangandaran were also missing .
And do n't expect many complete games by pitchers -- perhaps three out of 288 , laughs Mr. Fingers , the former Oakland reliever .
And he got rid of low - margin businesses that just were n't making money for the company .
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
And some doctors who have conducted hours of tests on themselves report temporary headaches .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
And the final leaf contains the Ptolemaic world map on Ptolemy 's first projection , with graduation .
And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
And unlike Europe and the U.S. , where populations are aging , the Pacific Basin countries have growing proportions of youths -- the heaviest consumers of Coca - Cola and other sodas .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
And with Al 's record of being a delver and a detail guy , you can see how the two fit , '' said Alan Gottesman , an analyst with PaineWebber .
Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436 comprises ten leaves of vellum , measuring , in an 18th-century binding .
Andrew Lang included it in `` The Lilac Fairy Book '' .
Animatronic designer and puppeteer Ian James Colmer , who also plays the voice of Charlotte the Hen , now runs a film production company Destiny Pictures .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly - average basis :
Annually , temperatures can exceed for an average of four to five days anytime from late April to mid September and fall below for an average of 28 days .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Another study indicated that heterosexual men are more aroused by depictions involving lesbian sex than they are by depictions of heterosexual activity , while heterosexual and lesbian women were aroused by a wide range of sexual stimuli .
Another variation of `` bife '' is `` bife a casa '' , which may resemble the `` bife a cavalo '' or may feature embellishments such as asparagus .
Another well-known species is the Jumping Bean Moth , whose caterpillars live in `` Sebastiania '' seeds , turning them into the famous `` Mexican jumping beans '' .
Answering correctly adds the value of the question to their bank .
Answering incorrectly causes the contestant to lose all accumulated money to his or her opponent and forces the contestant to play Russian Roulette .
Anthony 's novels usually end with a chapter-long Author 's Note , in which he talks about himself , his life , and his experiences as they related to the process of writing the novel .
Anthracite coal mining sustained the people who numbered 2,762 in 1900 and 2,943 in 1910 .
Antiochus , the son of King Seleucus , is pining away yet he would rather die than name the cause of his disease to his father .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc. were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant , providing plant workers with local necessities .
Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance .
Applying this technique facilitates the connection of the center of the foot with the lower abdomen .
Approximately 51 % of children in Northern Ireland are educated in Catholic-managed schools .
Approximately a century after being sealed away in the Mega Man X series , Zero is awakened to help the Reploids who are being pursued by the government body , called Neo Arcadia .
Arbuthnot provided him with a sister named Peg , and a traditional adversary in Louis Baboon .
Arguably the best known work in Wild Cards comes from John Petersen , the author of ` Out of The Blue - How to Anticipate Big Future Surprises ' .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Arminius , leader of the Cherusci and allies , now had a free hand .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
Armstrong World Industries Inc. agreed in principle to sell its carpet operations to Shaw Industries Inc .
Around the `` triangle area , '' which includes Quanzhou , Xiamen and Zhangzhou , locals all speak Minnan languages .
Arrangements were made for mid-August performances in 1944 , but , following the 20 July plot to assassinate Hitler , Joseph Goebbels declared `` total war '' and closed all theatres within the Third Reich , resulting in the work not being allowed a public staging .
As Attorney General he clashed with Daniel O'Connell when he insisted , against O'Connell 's wishes , on the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
As Kit escapes to start the truck outside , Brady , Claire and Duncan fight off the crocodile .
As Secretary of the Interior , Chandler eradicated serious corruption in the Bureau of Indian Affairs , fully endorsing President Grant 's Peace Policy initiative to civilize American Indian tribes .
As a boy , he studied with Rabbi Tzvi Hirsh Braude of Salant .
As a group , the team was enshrined into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1959 .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
As a result , environmental factors are also understood to contribute heavily to the strength of intimate relationships .
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .
As a result , it becomes clear that the microbe can not survive outside a narrow pH range .
As a result , little happened for many years .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
As a result , the lower river had to be dredged three times in two years .
As a result , the mall was forced to undergo an evacuation as a precautionary measure .
As a successful young businessman in Detroit , Chandler supported the Underground Railroad .
As before , if both contestants are tied , a random round of Russian Roulette is played to determine the winner of the game , with the host pulling the lever himself .
As early as the 15th century , the French kings sent commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action .
As ex-slaves risked beatings for failing to meet the continuing duties , their freedom was limited .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
As for punishment , intoxication may be a mitigating factor that decreases a prison or jail sentence .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
As his army approached Mount Taurus , they found only one route through which to pass , which was a narrow defile called `` The Gates '' .
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .
As ionospheric conditions and mobile-node locations change , these quality tuples will shift .
As is true for all sensors , absolute accuracy of a measurement requires a functionality for calibration .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
As night falls , the teenagers are still stranded in the woods searching for a road .
As of Sept. 30 , American Brands had 95.2 million shares outstanding .
As of `` A Wind in the Door '' , Sandy aspires to become a banker , on the grounds that it is practical and lucrative .
As of early 2008 , it is not being maintained anymore .
As part of several efforts to have the Gypsy Horse recognized as a breed outside the Romanichal community , a more descriptive name was sought for it , starting in the 1990s .
As part of the FTC settlement , it agreed to give rebates to any customers who requested them .
As part of the arrangement , NHPTV began to follow PBS 's national schedule in tandem with WGBH-TV on September 30 , 2012 , and master control operations were relocated to the WGBH studios in Boston .
As predicted , Battra once again vented his wrath on human civilization .
As she reads the articles , she also makes veiled references and innuendo relating to the slang use of `` beaver '' .
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .
As the Toa armed themselves with weapons from the Suva 's arsenal , they wondered what to do next .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
As the student of Torah ascends through the thought of the Pardes system , as the interpretations become more inward and spiritual , it becomes progressively understood that God desires man 's observance of the Jewish precepts , so to speak .
As the title is subjective , the reporter writing the article is allowed to decide if a source should be called one .
As these are read , the theme music from the 1950s television sitcom `` Leave It To Beaver '' plays under her report .
As was typically the case in England , Ely Cathedral was a Benedictine monastery , serving both monastic and secular function .
As well , the Labor-Progressive Party ran several joint candidates with the Liberals under the Liberal-Labour banner .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
Aside from as much as $ 3.45 billion in recently approved federal aid , the state is expected to draw from a gubernatorial emergency fund that currently stands at an estimated $ 700 million .
Aside from developing Canadian talent , he has also expressed interest in developing international talent , stating `` I 'm searching the world for superstars . ''
Assisting in the recording process were Fernando Cabello and two friends of the group , Eva Dalda and Lydia Iovanne .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
At Giant Bicycle Inc. , Rancho Dominguez , Calif. , sales have tripled since the company entered the U.S. mountain - bike business in 1987 .
At Vitoria and in Wellington 's invasion of southern France , Hill corps usually consisted of William Stewart 's 2nd Division , the Portuguese Division and Pablo Morillo 's Spanish Division .
At a presentation in the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar , Celine Dion helped the newly solvent airline debut its new image .
At first , Robin thinks of her as a pest , but later comes to enjoy her company .
At first , she seems happy with this arrangement .
At high heart rates formula_5 is more closely approximated by the arithmetic mean of systolic and diastolic pressures because of the change in shape of the arterial pressure pulse .
At home , he pursued a similar policy , using censorship and a wide ranging spy network to dampen down unrest .
At least 11 villagers disappeared and 8 people were killed in the ensuing tsunami , two of which are prisoners at one of the Permisan prisons .
At least two special supplementing the series were released for this .
At no cost to the parents , these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law ; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress .
At no time did any of these sects constitute a majority ; most Jews were non-sectarian .
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .
At one point , almost all of the shares in the 20 - stock Major Market Index , which mimics the industrial average , were sharply higher .
At some point , he also worked as a professor at Nihon University .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
At the end of 2008 the Uzbek-Italian Joint Venture Roison-Candy was established by the Uzbek Limited Liability Company Roison Electronics with partnership of Candy Group .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
At the rear of the cockpit , the bulkhead was covered by a canvas cover which could be breached by the crew in an emergency , enabling them to escape into the main fuselage .
At the same time , in her scenic works , portraits we can see that Speranskaya is acute portraitist-psychologist .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
At the same time she began to work as an artist in TGTO&B , she became a follower of Pyotr Tikhonovich Speranski , one of the greatest masters of scena , the creator of Tatar national decorative art .
At the start of a meeting , after an invocation and the Pledge of Allegiance , all items that do not have `` holds '' placed on them by a Supervisor or a member of the public , or are mandatory public hearings , are approved on a consent calendar .
At this point , the player confronts a boss , who is usually considerably larger and tougher than regular enemies .
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
Australian Amber Wing was the first woman to land a ts fs wake to wake 900 .
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
Autostereoscopy is any method of displaying stereoscopic images without the use of special headgear or glasses on the part of the viewer .
Average longevity is 15 months in the wild ; the longest lived wild individual on record was 5 years old .
Avery Inc. said it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business .
BAE Systems has in recent times been criticised for its role in the production of cluster bombs , due to the long term risk for injury or death to civilians .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
BNL previously reported that its Georgia branch had taken on loan commitments topping $ 3 billion without the Rome - based management 's approval .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
Baako 's grandmother Naana , a blind-seer , stands in living contact with the ancestors .
Back at the hotel , Taylor went ahead of Lemmy and told him `` Eddie 's left the band '' .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
Back in Ghana he is regarded with superstitious awe as a link to the Western life style .
Ballard 's crew , along with survivors who gathered in the jail , are eventually wiped out by the miners .
Ballast tanks are equipped to change a ship 's trim and modify its stability .
Balloon glows are held on the Saturday and Sunday evenings with all balloons tethered to the ground at dusk displaying the balloon envelopes and allowing the public to walk amongst them .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Barbara , however , unable to leave behind her vigilante life , fought a mugger and ultimately miscarried her child .
Barbara resumed her relationship with Dick but was hesitant to confess to him that she had dated Bruce .
Basil II also prepared carefully , assembling a large army of his own and taking his most experienced commanders , including the governor of Philippopolis , Nicephorus Xiphias , who had conquered the old Bulgarian capitals Pliska and Preslav from Samuel in 1001 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
Bats learn to avoid the harmful moths , but due to their association of the warning signal with danger , they similarly avoid other species that produce such warning sounds as well .
Bats rely heavily on echolocation to detect their prey , such that their auditory system might well be equivalent both in importance and perceptual nature to the human visual system .
Beast gained the ability to emit mood altering pheromones , causing sexual attraction in women .
Because Yesler Way marks the boundary between two different plats , the street grid north of Yesler does not line up with the neighborhood 's other streets , so the northern `` border '' of the district zigzags along numerous streets .
Because `` fudul '' commonly means `` virtuous '' the alliance is often translated as League of the Virtuous .
Because headgear is not required , it is also called `` glasses-free 3D '' or `` glassesless 3D '' .
Because of Muhammad 's role in its formation , the alliance plays a significant role in Islamic ethics .
Because of his talents and training , Beast can outperform any Olympic-level athlete , contorting his body and performing aerial feats gracefully .
Because of this association , St. Michael was considered to be the patron saint of colonial Maryland , and as such was honored by the river being named for him .
Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .
Because the Japanese `` alphabet '' is so huge , Japan has no history of typewriter use , and so `` keyboard allergy , '' especially among older workers , remains a common affliction .
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi - tech powerhouses is only half right .
Because the federal pension agency had taken over the old plans , LTV would be responsible only for benefits paid under the new pension plans .
Before what was certainly to be the game 's final play , Beuerlein went to the sidelines during the timeout to get the call from head coach Seifert .
Behind the head there is an orange or yellow collar , usually interrupted on the midline , followed by a blackish blotch on the nape .
Beirut 's southern suburb was heavily damaged by Israeli airstrikes where Hezbollah military infrastructure was deeply embedded among the civilian population .
Belfast , located at the western end of Belfast Lough and at the mouth of the River Lagan , was an ideal location for the shipbuilding industry , which was dominated by the Harland and Wolff company which alone employed up to 35,000 workers and was one of the largest shipbuilders in the world .
Between 1500 and 800 BC , `` Oryza glaberrima '' propagated from its original centre , the Niger River delta , and extended to Senegal .
Between flashes , certain areas in subjects ' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
Beyond the community , the creek continues south into Wolf Township , leaving its valley passing by the eastern edge of Hughesville .
Beyond the stretch , in Picture Rocks , the creek crosses Pennsylvania Route 864 .
Bianco also collaborated with Fra Mauro on the Fra Mauro world map of 1459 .
Big Gun Model Warships allow weapons to be installed in rotating turrets as they were mounted as the prototype historically .
Binding of Hoechst dyes is even stronger to BrdU-substituted DNA ; however , no fluorescence ensues .
Binitarians , point out , however that they believe that Melito 's statements do not contradict their position and no speculation about why he left out the Holy Spirit in that passage is not support for a trinitarian viewpoint .
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms .
Black LDS Church member Darron Smith wrote in 2003 : `` Even though the priesthood ban was repealed in 1978 , the discourse that constructs what blackness means is still very much intact today .
Blackburne 's statement that he `` would not tolerate a refusal to ratify the appointment '' , is an indication of the influence which could then be wielded by a strong Attorney General .
Blackburne was appointed Lord Chancellor of Ireland in February 1852 , but was replaced in October .
Blackburne was nominated a King 's Counsel in 1822 and administered the Insurrection Act in Limerick for two years , effectually restoring order in the district .
Blagoja ` Billy ' Celeski is an Australian footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Newcastle Jets .
Blind Blake 's version was later covered by the jazz musician Leon Redbone on his album of the same name in 1978 .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
Boost levels were driver adjustable between 8 and 14 lbs and during dyno testing at the factory the engine put out 1200 bhp at 14 lbs of boost .
Born in Cuba on April 16 , 1957 , Manuel Alvarez was the oldest son of a middle income , Christian family .
Born in Washington , D.C. to a British father and an American mother , Florence King grew up in the District with her parents , a sister , her maternal grandmother and her grandmother 's maid .
Boshoff claimed a symbolism of the murder for farm murders that he described as `` nothing other than a state of war '' .
Both companies are allies of Navigation Mixte in its fight against a hostile takeover bid launched last week by Cie .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
Both monsters were swallowed up into the Earth 's crust .
Both reflect the dismissal of lower - level and shorter - tenure executives .
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months .
Both the SUNY team and researchers at the National Magnet Laboratory in Cambridge , Mass. , are working with more potent magnetic brain stimulators .
Both were right wingers who wore the number 9 , were frequently contenders for the league scoring title , and could also play rough if needed .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .
Bremen has a long-standing tradition of fine organ music since 1526 .
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks .
Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart was happily married to Wonder Woman as well until her Justice Lord counterpart killed him .
Bruce himself ultimately confessed to their relationship after finding out that he had gotten Barbara pregnant ; furthermore , he wanted to be involved in the life of their child .
Bruinooge defeated Alcock by 111 votes on election day , in what most political observers described as a significant upset .
Bruinooge was aided by a national trend toward his party , as well as by Alcock 's decision to spend most of his time canvassing with Liberal candidates in other ridings .
Building codes sometimes take frost depth into account because of frost heaving which can damage buildings by moving their foundations .
Burnham died of heart failure at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But , with the state offering only $ 39,000 a year and California 's high standard of living , `` there are n't too many to choose from , '' says Brent Scott , a recruiting officer .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
But Judge Keenan said that privilege is meant to protect private utterances -- not litigation papers filed with foreign governments , as Mrs. Marcos 's attorneys maintained .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
But Mr. Simonds-Gooding said he is n't talking to any studios about investing .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
But a non-hydrogen-bonding surface with a moderate curvature forces the water molecule to sit tight on the surface , spreading 3 hydrogen bonds tangential to the surface , which then become locked in a clathrate-like basket shape .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % .
But amid the two dozen bureaucrats and secretaries sits only one real - life PC .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
But declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered gainers 774 to 684 , and broader market indexes were virtually unchanged .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
But ex-slaves were able to own property outright , and their children were free of all constraint .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But fully 90 % of those polled felt they did n't need to belong to a health club .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
But it appears to be the sort of hold one makes while heading for the door .
But it could also help American companies , which also are starting to try to open the market .
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
But that development also had little effect on traders ' sentiment .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
But the government 's action , which caught Jaguar management flat - footed , may scuttle the GM minority deal by forcing it to fight for all of Jaguar .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
But there are two separate words which function as pronouns : `` aya '' `` I , me '' and `` nihi '' `` you '' .
But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
But they have been at odds over how much Mr. Hunt would owe the government after his assets are sold .
But this practice simply reduces government interest costs rather than truly canceling government debt , and can result in hyperinflation if used unsparingly .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
But we can think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place .
But wire transfers from a standing account -- including those bigger than $ 10,000 -- are n't reported .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , `` told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts .
But you ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight .
Butters Drive in the Canberra suburb of Phillip is named in his honour .
By 1910 his company had built a film studio , `` Lubinville '' , in Philadelphia .
By 1991 , it was apparent Charleston could no longer support two newspapers , so the `` News and Courier '' and `` Evening Post '' were merged into a single morning newspaper , `` The Post and Courier . ''
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas , Coke has been able to improve bottlers ' efficiency and production , and in some cases , marketing .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run .
By opening for acts such as U2 and Bob Dylan , they became a popular alternative rock band of the 1980s , retaining a loyal following to the present day .
By the end of that campaign he had played 12 league games as Arsenal finished fourth and had a League Cup winners medal , coming on as a late substitute as Arsenal defeated Liverpool at Wembley .
By the end of this experiment several results were found .
By then , she was raising not only her own children but also her nephews , who had been orphaned by the plague .
By this point , Simpson had returned to his mansion in Brentwood and had surrendered to police .
Byers does not oppose the concept of global citizenship , however he criticizes potential implications of the term depending on one 's definition of it , such as ones that provide support for the `` ruthlessly capitalist economic system that now dominates the planet . ''
Byers states that global citizenship is a `` powerful term '' because `` people that invoke it do so to provoke and justify action , '' and encourages the attendees of his lecture to re-appropriate it in order for its meaning to have a positive purpose , based on idealistic values .
Byrom Street Cutting became a runaway catch point for runaway trains in the tunnel .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
COG is a 6-piece metal band based in Metro Manila , Philippines .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
Cakobau , a former cannibal , had himself converted to Christianity by the missionary James Calvert and renounced cannibalism in 1854 .
Cal Meuzelaar , a social worker at Pine Rest 's Des Moines , Iowa clinic has completed his transcontinental bicycle tour on September 28 , by finishing the final into Des Moines .
Caldor released a statement expressing its mystification over how the image was created and got past proofreaders .
Caldor relied heavily on a weekly multi-color sales flyer to generate business .
Callaghan 's decision on the Japanese pilot 's funeral in 1945 would receive praise years later , although a memorial service aboard the `` Missouri '' in April 2001 attracted controversy .
Calor provide gas both for use in bulk tanks and in smaller gas cylinders .
Cancer of the esophagus may occur in two forms .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
Captive eastern cottontails have lived to at least 9 years of age .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
Carl uses the `` old magic '' to tame the Deep Crow , claiming it is not his `` first time to the rodeo . ''
Cells can integrate BrdU in newly synthesized DNA as a substitute for thymidine .
Centuries later , in 1806 , during the Napoleonic era , was built the Canal de l'Ourcq , destined to the inland navigation when the Marne river is not navigable because of temporary sandbanks .
Certain fractional quantum Hall phases appear to have the right properties for building a topological quantum computer .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .
Charles delayed declaring war , however , leading Shaftesbury to support a resolution of the House of Commons providing for immediately disbanding the army that Charles was raising .
Charles had concerns about being able to declare his belief in all the dogmas of the Church of England , so as well as hunting and fishing , he studied divinity books .
Charles prorogued parliament on 25 June , but the army was not disbanded , which worried Shaftesbury .
Chevalier fulfilled his promise the following year by erecting a shrine dedicated to the honour of Mary under the title of `` Our Lady of the Sacred Heart '' .
Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle noted : `` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness '' .
Children born into slavery were also considered the property of the master .
China 's parliament ousted two Hong Kong residents from a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony .
Chisum Independent School District , or CISD , is a public school district based in the southern portion of Paris , Texas .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
Chrysler has had to temporarily close the St. Louis and Toledo plants recently because of excess inventories of vehicles built there .
Chugai agreed to pay $ 6.25 a share for Gen - Probe 's 17.6 million common shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis .
Ciel , a human who lives with the Reploids , explains that Neo Arcadia has begun destroying all Reploids due to a shortage on energy .
Cis-regulatory elements are sequences that control the transcription of a nearby gene .
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over his role in the ouster of Graves .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
Clarke was replaced a week later by Thin Lizzy man , Brian Robertson .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Coca - Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft - drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country .
Coke has tended to increase its control when results were sluggish in a given country .
Combined PC and work - station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .
Combined with appropriate match pellets these rifles produce a consistent 10 ring performance , so a non-maximal result during the initial phase can be attributed to the participant .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .
Competition in the sale of complete bikes is heating up too .
Comprehending sheet music requires a special form of literacy : the ability to read music notation .
Computers have allowed for fairly accurate acceleration modeling of valve-train systems .
Congress still is struggling to dismantle the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988 , which boosted benefits for the elderly and taxed them to pay for the new coverage .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Conservatives are the faction in U.S. politics which always said that Mr. Ortega and his friends do n't want to hold an election in Nicaragua .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
Considered as a whole , Mr. Lane said , the filings required under the proposed rules `` will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions . ''
Consistent with systems philosophy , systems thinking concerns an understanding of a system by examining the linkages and interactions between the elements that compose the entirety of the system .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
Continuing duties specified for freed slaves in manumission agreements became more common into the Hellenistic era , and they may have been customary earlier .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
Courtelary is first mentioned in 968 as `` Curtis Alerici '' in a list of the properties of Moutier-Grandval Abbey .
Created as a result of a 20-year broadcast partnership between the two entities , the network is a joint venture between the conference and ESPN Inc. .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
Crime Master slashes her when he finds out about this , but before passing out , she alerts the FBI that he is in league with Otto Octavius and his inhumane experiments .
Critics counter that Esperanto could simply take over from national languages and continue the destruction of linguistic diversity that is already taking place .
Critics say Mitsubishi Estate 's decision to buy into Rockefeller reflects the degree to which companies are irritated by the pressure to act for the good of Japan .
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second .
Crowds have heard it live in concert often through the years , including a rarely performed solo version in October 1999 that was released on `` Live in Madison Square Garden '' Vol .
Curley was the first classical organist to perform a solo organ recital at the White House , and also played before several European heads of state .
Currently the PlanetSim can show the network topology as a GML or Pajek outputs .
Cybotron released a self-titled album in 1976 on the Clear Light of Jupiter label which contained mainly synthesisers and saxophone .
Cybotron were pioneers of Australian electronic music with their version of Kraut rock while the local music scene was dominated by pub rock .
DC Comics held a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street .
Daimler said it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures .
Damage Control is accomplished via a centrifugal bilge pump capable pumping a regulated volume of water out of the hull .
Dangaioh 's characters , mecha , and storyline elements appeared in Banpresto 's `` Super Robot Wars '' games .
Darkseid has pinpoint control and his unerring aim allows the beam to travel in straight lines , bend , or curve around corners and can pass through matter and energy .
Darwin came into residence in Cambridge on 26 January 1828 , and matriculated at the University 's Senate House on 26 February .
Darwin was accepted as a `` pensioner '' , having paid his fees , on 15 October 1827 , but did not attend Cambridge until the Lent Term which began on 13 January 1828 .
Davis released about 25 singles during his seven years with Dakar , most of them big R&B sellers produced by Willie Henderson .
De Valera remained in hiding for several months after the ceasefire was declared ; however , he emerged in August to stand for election in County Clare .
DePauw University awarded the degree `` Doctor of Divinity '' in 1892 .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
Debate surrounding a volkstaat returned to the mainstream media following the murder of AWB leader Eugene Terre'Blanche in April 2010 .
December municipal futures ended up 11\/32 point to 92-14 , having pulled off a morning low of 91-23 as cash municipals rebounded .
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
Defensive alignment adjustments , however , were not available leading to obvious imbalance in favor of the Offensive player .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Despite assurances by the scientific community that a collision with Earth is extremely unlikely , the public , many of whom are fueled with religious fervor by the evangelist Henry Armitage , who teaches that the arrival of the comet signals the End Times , begins to hoard food and supplies in anticipation .
Despite losing in the Region V Championship , the Jackets were selected to the NAIA National Tournament and seeded second .
Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year , bringing the total to four , Infiniti wo n't show profits for at least five years , he adds .
Despite the below-freezing temperatures , Beuerlein was red-hot , out-dueling Brett Favre and connecting on 29 of 42 attempts , with 3 TDs and no INTs , and passing for a then franchise-record 373 yards .
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines .
Despite what some investors are suggesting , the Big Board is n't even considering a total ban on program trading or stock futures , exchange officials said .
Deva has moved to Mumbai and is residing at Boney Kapoor 's old place called Green Acres .
Different interpretations of the meaning of these songs include : optimistic commentary for the future , bleak commentary regarding the recent announcement of death , or an ironic device by which to direct the King and his Lords towards a new outlook on love and life .
Digging in south of Bologna for the winter , the 34th jumped off , 15 April 1945 , and captured Bologna on 21 April .
Dilevski started his career as a junior for Victorian lower league team Sydenham Park where he was coached by Tony Ivanov and eventually played in their seniors at a very young age .
Dodo was originally intended to have a `` common '' accent , and is portrayed this way at the end of `` The Massacre '' .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Dr. Jagan himself was personally involved in the organization of the strike , and helped to raise funds across the country to it .
Dr. M. Meenakshi is graduated from SJCE Mysore in the field of Instrumentation Technology .
Dr. Pim played for Ireland against England in 1892 , 1893 , 1894 and 1896 .
Dripping can be clarified by adding a sliced raw potato and cooking until potato turns brown .
Drugs available for the treatment of influenza include amantadine , which inhibits the uncoating of virions by interfering with M2 , and oseltamivir , which inhibits the release of virions from infected cells by interfering with NA .
Due to cost efficiency it is becoming common in modern very-short-range high-speed differential signaling applications .
Due to increased passenger numbers , Northern has installed new ticket machines at some stations .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
Due to the opposing nature of the two songs , they can be viewed as a debate on the opposing attitudes on love found throughout the play .
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .
During an orchestral rehearsal before the private presentation , Strauss walked down to the orchestral rail in order to listen closely to the beautiful final interlude in the last act .
During the 1730s Britain 's relationship with Spain had slowly declined .
During the Final Crisis , Darkseid used his Omega Beams to grant power to Mary Marvel , with her powers then being based on Anti-Life rather than magic .
During the Second World War , the number of Turkish run cafes increased from 20 in 1939 to 200 in 1945 which created a demand for more Turkish Cypriot workers .
During the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee in November 1955 , Haile Selassie introduced a revised constitution , whereby he retained effective power , while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body .
During the language shift , however , the receding language A still influences language B .
During the latter , Springsteen mentioned he did plan to work with the E Street Band again in the future , but was vague about details .
During the morning and evening rush hours some services run direct to/from Paddington and Reading .
During the off-season the ACT Rugby Union was renamed the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union , and the name of the team was changed to Brumbies Rugby .
During the past 25 years , the number of balloonists ( those who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter - than - air test ) have swelled from a couple hundred to several thousand , with some estimates running as high as 10,000 .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
During their first encounter in the Montreal Forum , when Howe was a rookie , he knocked Richard out cold with a punch after being shoved .
During this time he was occasionally depicted with claws and fangs , but these were not a part of his original mutation .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Each September , the twenty four mile stretch of the River Stour hosts hundreds of canoe and small boat enthusiasts in a weekend event called `` Sudbury To The Sea '' , which finishes at Cattawade .
Each base also had an assigned Naval Air Reserve Training Unit , which until a reorganization of the Naval Air Reserve in 1970 , actually `` owned '' all assigned aircraft .
Each company 's share of liability would be based on their share of the national DES market .
Each of the Matoran brought their Toa stone and met each other at the Great Temple .
Each of the programs uses a combination of funding priorities and geographic requirements to select grants , described on the foundation 's web site .
Each of these people influenced her development as a person .
Each process appears as a directory containing information and control files which can be manipulated by the ordinary file IO system calls .
Each skatepark is designed specifically to provide unique challenges to its users .
Each time Cluemaster escapes or starts some new plan , Stephanie dons her costume again .
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it created for Japanese investors .
Earlier this year , President Bush made a final `` take - it - or - leave it '' offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
Earlier yesterday , the Societe de Bourses Francaises was told that a unit of Framatome S.A. also bought Navigation Mixte shares , this purchase covering more than 160,000 shares .
Early Christianity was outlawed as a `` superstitio Iudaica '' , a `` Jewish superstition '' , by Domitian in the 80s AD .
Early in the morning Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pores over last wills and testaments .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .
Ed arrives back and finds Alan alone trying to hide the fact that his arm is covered in the gelatinous substance they found on the wall earlier .
Ed drives the creature into the airlock , with the intention of venting it into space .
Ed tries to explain what happened to a skeptical Pete .
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
Eisner died January 3 , 2005 , in Lauderdale Lakes , Florida , of complications from a quadruple bypass surgery performed December 22 , 2004 .
El Camino High School offers the recommended A-G courses based upon the University of California that illustrates the minimum level of academic preparation students ought to achieve in high school to undertake university level work .
Elinor Ostrom , who was awarded 2009 's Nobel Prize of Economics for her work on the issue , and her colleagues looked at how real-world communities manage communal resources , such as fisheries , land irrigation systems , and farmlands , and they identified a number of factors conducive to successful resource management .
Ely Cathedral was never vaulted and retains a wooden ceiling over the nave .
Emigration to the United Kingdom continued to increase when the Great Depression of 1929 brought economic depression to Cyprus , with unemployment and low wages being a significant issue .
Emma assures him that grades do not always classify a person as ` gifted ' .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
Employers could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .
Eras returned from Edinburgh ready to sit his Bachelor of Medicine exam , and in the new year he and Charles set out together for Cambridge .
Erotica and pornography involving sex between women have been predominantly produced by men for a male and female audience .
Estimates of transformation into melanoma vary from 2-42 % in the literature , but are most commonly considered to be at the low end of that spectrum due to early observer bias .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Even `` voluntary intoxication '' can be used as a defense to a `` specific intent '' crime , whereas only `` involuntary intoxication '' can be used as a defense to a general intent crime .
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Even its own members , initially including agent Sydney Bristow , believe it is a black ops division of the CIA ; and only a handful of senior staff know the truth and are complicit in the deception .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
Even the lowest estimate suggests a strong and powerful army , all the more remarkable as our investigations focused just on 200km of vulnerable frontier , a small fraction of the thousands of kilometres of borders of one of the ancient world 's largest empires .
Even though he knew about voice acting , Scott pursued the theater .
Evenly spaced Retzius lines indicate a 6-11 day cycle of enamel formation .
Eventually , she decides she likes being a superhero , and she begins regular patrols as the Spoiler .
Eventually the connection between an earl and a shire disappeared , so that in the present day a number of earldoms take their names from towns , mountains , or simply surnames .
Ever since , the remaining members have been desperate for the United States to rejoin this dreadful group .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Everything on the Vector was designed to last the life of the owner , assuming reasonable maintenance .
Evidence also points to the role of a number of contextual factors that can impact intimate relationships .
Examples include the blind 18th-century composer John Stanley and the 20th-century songwriters Lionel Bart , Irving Berlin and Paul McCartney .
Excluding the special editions , the 2004-2005 Ram SRT-10 came in three colors : Brilliant Black Crystal Pearl Coat , Bright Silver Metallic Clear Coat , and Flame Red Clear Coat .
Executions , regardless of how frequently they occur , are also `` proper retribution '' for heinous crimes , Mr. Hatch argues .
Explanations range from `` it is in the nature of the good to do good '' , to Creation being a process of God knowing Himself , each answer reflecting a different aspect of Divinity .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP. ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30 - year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
Failure to perform the duty could lead to prosecution at law and re-enslavement .
Falun Gong 's teachings are compiled from Li 's lectures , and Li holds definitional power in that belief system .
Fans reacted to the news of the suspension by canceling their XM Radio subscriptions , with some fans even going as far as smashing their XM units .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Fayette County then included land which makes up 37 present-day counties and portions of 7 others .
Fayette County was one of the original three counties created from the former Kentucky County , Virginia by the Virginia Act in 1780 , along with Jefferson and Lincoln counties , and which together separated from Virginia in 1792 to become the state of Kentucky .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Feeling the naggings of a culture imperative , I promptly signed up .
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Fetterman enlisted in the Union Army on May 14 , 1861 , in Delaware , and was promptly commissioned a first lieutenant .
Few people in the advertising business have raised as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum .
Final overdubs and mixing were done at Brooklyn Recording Studios in Los Angeles , CA .
Finally , Mitsubishi Estate has no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board .
Finally on 30 June 1 799 , Krishnaraja Wodeyar Ill , a descendant of the ancient royal house was placed on the throne o Mysore by the British while Srirangapatna became the property of the victorious East India Company .
Finding that the ` X ' he defeats is only a mere copy , Zero destroys him and a huge explosion follows with Zero managing to escape .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
First , younger children have a discriminative ability that shows the logical capacity for cognitive operations exists earlier than acknowledged .
First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it could n't sell .
Fisher was a prolific writer , producing journalism as well as technical books and articles , and addressing various social issues surrounding of the First World War , the prosperous 1920s and the depressed 1930s .
Fishing boats and cargo ships typically have one or more cargo holds .
Five years later , Alvarez was reunited with his family in New York and his father was able to start a business in Hoboken , New Jersey .
Flyers were distributed weekly to advertise sales that ran from Sunday through Saturday .
Following a design competition , the Gothic Revival design was by Henry Hare .
Following his death , a statue of Sir Arthur was erected behind the National Archives of Canada , overlooking the Ottawa River This is one of only two statues of civil servants erected in Ottawa , both during MacKenzie King 's tenure as Prime Minister .
Following sustained efforts by victims and CALDH , and the appointment of a new Attorney General in Guatemala , five direct perpetrators were convicted in domestic criminal proceedings and in October 2012 their conviction was upheld on appeal .
Following that , presentations of various dignitaries are made .
Following the 1938 `` Our Gang '' short `` Came the Brawn '' , McFarland `` retired '' from `` Our Gang '' , beginning a personal appearance tour .
Following the Russian Revolution of 1917 , the town and Abkhazia in general were engulfed in the chaos of the Russian Civil War .
Following the breakthrough success of `` Things Fall Apart '' , its release was highly anticipated and delayed , as recording took two years .
Following the changes , Comcast dropped WGBH and WGBX from its New Hampshire systems and NHPTV from its Massachusetts systems .
Following the decision to withdraw tram services in London and replace them with buses , the station closed just after 12.30 am on 6 April 1952 .
Following the end of WWII , NAS Glenview discontinued its role as a primary training base and became headquarters for the newly formed Naval Air Reserve Training Command in 1946 .
Following the loss , Stevenson announced that he would drop down to the Lightweight division for future bouts .
Following the report , Attorney General Michael Mukasey appointed a special prosecutor to investigate whether former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and other officials involved in the firings of nine U.S. attorneys broke the law .
Following this , the draft was further discussed and amended under the Tsar 's chairmanship ; Nicholas chose to officially publish this new constitution on April 23 , 1906 .
For 55 of those years , it was held by three generations of the Anthony family -- Hubert Lawrence Anthony , Doug Anthony and Larry Anthony -- the first three-generation dynasty in the Australian House of Representatives .
For Lucretius , Magna Mater `` symbolised the world order '' .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
For a long time , he ignored baseball altogether , even the sports pages .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .
For example , in 1900 the thicktail chub was the most common freshwater fish found in California ; 70 years later not a single living individual existed .
For example , it was distributed in the Latin America , Australia , and United States by Warner Bros. .
For example , when two such hydrophobic particles come very close , the clathrate-like baskets surrounding them merge .
For his leadership in these battles he was awarded a medal and two clasps on 7 October 1813 .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
For liquid-packed vessels , thermal relief valves are generally characterized by the relatively small size of the valve necessary to provide protection from excess pressure caused by thermal expansion .
For more information about 22nd century , see Noon Universe Chronology .
For much of its current history , any member who failed in an assassination was in turn targeted by the League .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .
For patients who do not recover quickly , the protocol also includes support groups and/or psychotherapy .
For the next 20 years , she was one of the biggest stars in Korean film and led the Shin Film company along with her husband , the director Shin Sang-ok .
For the past five years , unions have n't managed to win wage increases as large as those granted to nonunion workers .
For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively . ''
For the same reason , they do not worship or pray to Muhammad , Jesus , or any other prophets ; only to God .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
For use in icy ground , up to 18 rubber pads can be replaced by the same number of grousers , which are stored in the vehicle 's bow when not in use .
For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels , for example , and an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to `` find the true performance label . ''
Ford Motor Co. said it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990 - model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Foundations are normally built below the frost depth for this reason .
Four other countries in Europe have approved Proleukin in recent months .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
Fractionally charged quasiparticles are neither bosons nor fermions and exhibit anyonic statistics .
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .
Freed persons were commonly required to live nearby the former master .
From 1698 to 1843 the famous organ built by Arp Schnitger , one of the Baroque period 's best known organ makers was the main organ .
From 1909 to 1912 , the Miami Canal was dug , bypassing the rapids at the head of the North Fork .
From 1953 till 1957 Speranskaya worked as chief artist in Kazan Dolls Theatre , since 1957 she worked as stage-artist director in Kazan theatres , also she was invited to other cities of Russian Federation .
From 1970 to 1985 , Gideon Rodan taught at the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine until he switched over to Merck .
From 1998 to 2000 , the Triple-A World Series pitted the IL and PCL champs .
From June 30 to July 4 , 2002 , the majority of 3PPCLI relocated to Zabul Province , Northwest of Kandahar , to establish for the first time a coalition presence in the region .
From the , 275 or 26.1 % were Roman Catholic , while 624 or 59.3 % belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church .
From the , 854 or 81.7 % were Roman Catholic , while 62 or 5.9 % belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church .
From the start of the first semester of 2010 , the University banned smoking on any of its property , including inside and outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas .
From this point onwards , Tibetan Gelug lamas would no longer be invited to teach within his network .
Frowin founded the Benedictine monastery of New Engleberg at Conception , which was erected into an abbey in 1881 .
Frowin was chosen as the abbey 's first abbot .
Fuel efficiency rating according to the U.S. EPA testing methodology is : City , Highway , Combined .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Funding in 2011 was distributed according to four programs .
Furious at being passed over again , Michael secures another job with a rival company and plans on leaving his family behind for good .
Furthermore , knowledge and interest pertaining to the event , as well as the level of importance , contribute to the frequency of rehearsal .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
G-7 consists of the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy .
Gail Collins , at the time editor of `` The New York Times '' editorial page , called Michael Brown `` legendary as a disaster in his own right '' , and on Thanksgiving week in 2005 , Brown was No. 1 on CNN 's `` Political Turkey of the Year '' list for his handling of Katrina .
Gameplay is very basic ; the player must shoot constantly at a continual stream of enemies in order to reach the end of each level .
Gavin Hood is a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award-winning Foreign Language Film `` Tsotsi '' .
Gen - Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern , said it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .
General Dynamics Corp. was given an $ 843 million Air Force contract for F - 16 aircraft and related equipment .
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Getting there requires a fairly steep hike from the Rim Drive trailhead .
Godzilla , as the epitome of ecological imbalance and human violation of the Earth , became Battra 's target instead of Mothra , who escaped while the two fought .
Godzilla and Battra battled on the ocean floor , until they caused a rift to open between tectonic plates .
Good 1H NMR spectra can be acquired with 16 repeats , which takes only minutes .
Gopeng tauhu is distinguished with its darker top rather than ordinary tauhu which is light brown .
Government debt is one method of financing government operations , but it is not the only method .
Governments can also create money to monetize their debts , thereby removing the need to pay interest .
Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .
Great Northern Nekoosa soared $ 20.125 a share , to $ 62.875 , substantially above the $ 58 a share Georgia - Pacific is offering .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .
Green is also a significant color , symbolizing the union of the three colors .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
HTB 's aim is for an Alpha course to be accessible to anyone who would like to attend the course , and in this way HTB seeks to spread the teachings of Christianity .
Habitat destruction , damming of upland rivers , pollution and in some cases overfishing for food or the pet trade have driven some Cypriniformes to the brink of extinction or even beyond .
Had he mounted a credible defense of the defile , Alexander would have been easily repulsed .
Had the contest gone a full seven games , ABC could have reaped an extra $ 10 million in ad sales on the seventh game alone , compared with the ad take it would have received for regular prime - time shows .
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .
Hank McCoy briefly returned to his humanoid/simian form with his hair color now being depicted as black , not reddish-brown .
Hapoel Lod played in the top division during the 1960s and 1980s , and won the State Cup in 1984 .
Hasidus focuses on the most essential reason , that most describes the infinite ability and unknowability of Divine paradox , beyond human grasp , reflected in the description of Nistar for the mystical levels of Judaism .
Having been directed to found a monastery of his order in the United States in 1873 , Fr .
Having finished his apprenticeship with Hammond , Keats registered as a medical student at Guy 's Hospital and began studying there in October 1815 .
Having returned to the Second Division at the first attempt , they gained promotion to the First Division in 1974 .
Hawker Pacific Aerospace is a MRO-Service company which offers landing gear and hydraulic MRO services for all major aircraft types .
Haynes Street ends at Main Street , which connects Sturbridge Center with Southbridge ; on the west side of town , Massachusetts Route 148 connects Fiskdale with Brookfield .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He accused Dow Jones of `` using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price . ''
He accused Maroboduus of hiding in the Hercynian Forest while the other Germans fought for freedom , and accused Maroboduus of being the only king among the Germans .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
He adds that gold stocks had been down so long they were `` ready for a bounce . ''
He also began making super-8 films beginning in junior high , and showed these films to the scholarship committee of Brigham Young University in 1981 , earning a full scholarship in ` Theatre and Cinematic Arts ' after receiving a Sundance Institute ` Most Promising Filmmaker ' award for his film `` Night Meeting '' .
He also contended that the plaintiffs failed to cite any legal authority that would justify such an injunction .
He also possesses enhanced senses and can track people for great distances over open terrain and his feet are sensitive enough to detect electronic signals through solid walls and floors .
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .
He and his friends were said to have made bombs for fun on the outskirts of Murray , Utah .
He appeared in that game alongside his Arsenal midfield colleague Brian Marwood , who had joined them from Sheffield Wednesday eight months earlier .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
He became the first code-crosser to play test rugby league for Australia a second time after returning from rugby union .
He began to write books at the age of 7 , and continued through high school .
He called the site `` Providence '' and declared it a place of religious freedom .
He can teleport himself or others through time and space .
He captained Karachi Blues and Rawalpindi in the Quaid-i-Azam Trophy .
He chose a path of confrontation , of conflict .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
He could acquire a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees , many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm , he could eliminate a competitor and he could get the name recognition he 'd wanted .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
He defines Wild Cards as ` Low Probability , High Impact events that , were they to occur , would severely impact the human condition ' .
He developed an interest in comedy in the Army after expanding on a singing performance for other servicemen .
He develops significance both as a recurrent character in the series and friend to Dream , appearing in a total of seven issues spanning six hundred years .
He did n't realize that the different circumstances of the terrain made that strategy useless .
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes .
He died in Washington , D.C. , November 26 , 1899 , and was interred in Rock Creek Cemetery .
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .
He dismissed their protests and stayed at the back of the strike .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
He finally returned to the top spot with `` Turning Point '' in 1975 .
He finds himself in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians surround him , ending the game .
He frequently appears as a commentator on Japanese national TV .
He further stated that Hauptmann looked different and that `` John '' was actually dead because he had been murdered by his confederates .
He graduated from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in 1983 and was a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company .
He had been at the Battle of the Granicus River , and had believed that Memnon 's scorched Earth strategy would work here .
He had developed a hatred for the hacker and a grudging appreciation of the federal `` spooks '' who make national security their business .
He had given back to back super hit movies in late 1980s and early 1990s .
He had long been known as a descriptive writer , since his publication of `` The Great Lone Land '' and other works and he was the biographer of Sir George Colley .
He had spent 11 years in jail despite having been acquitted twice .
He has been considered several times for appointments to federal district and appellate court vacancies in Pennsylvania .
He has n't been able to replace the M'Bow cabal .
He has on several occasions been a guest at the White House .
He held the post as Attorney-General until 1834 ; he was readmitted in 1841 and after serving for a year , became Master of the Rolls in Ireland .
He is a descendent of the famous Kiowa flutist , Belo Cozad , and has made two commercial recordings , `` Flute Songs of the Kiowa and Comanche '' and `` The Traditional and Contemporary Indian Flute of Tom Mauchahty Ware '' .
He is also a skilled traditional artist : painting , sculpting , making flutes , bead working , and feather working .
He is also known for his `` Aramata Collection '' , a private library housing thousands of rare books from the 18th and 19th centuries .
He is buried at Trinity Memorial Gardens in Trinity , Florida .
He is equally dexterous with all four limbs ; able to perform tasks with his feet or hands with equal ease .
He is idolized , receiving the name of `` God '' .
He is known for his work playing the Native American flute , and has been a successful Indian dancer , and has sung in a popular blues band .
He is one of Japan 's most prolific writers having authored and translated over a hundred different books , both fictional and non-fictional .
He joined the US Army and served in an entertainment unit in Germany , where he was nicknamed the Harlem Hillbilly for singing country songs in R&B style .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
He led the Right Corps at the Battle of Nivelle on 10 November 1813 .
He left his old company , V2 records , wanting to expand his career into something bigger .
He left only a small contingent to guard the defile , and took his entire army to destroy the plain that lay ahead of Alexander 's army .
He left that post to become the second commander of the U.S. Army 's 1st Armored Division .
He lived past all these times reaching the age of ninety-eight when he finally died in 49 BC .
He lodged near the hospital at 28 St Thomas 's Street in Southwark , with other medical students , including Henry Stephens who became a famous inventor and ink magnate .
He made a midnight requisition of all the printers he could lay hands on so that he could monitor all the telephone lines coming into the lab 's computers .
He made several practical inventions , the most notable of which was an `` index visible filing system '' which he patented in 1913 and sold to Kardex Rand in 1925 .
He moved to New York , where he played in many summer-stock - and off-broadway-productions .
He notices that the prince 's pulse rate increases when he sees Stratonice , a young woman intended as his father 's bride , and further tests confirm his diagnosis .
He often discusses correspondence with readers and any real-world issues that influenced the novel .
He outlived all the senators who belonged to that body in his consulship , and at the time of his death there were only seven persons surviving whom he had enrolled in the senate during his censorship .
He played 16 Test matches , scoring a total of 507 runs .
He played 37 times , mainly at right-back , in the 1987-88 season , and scored nine goals - excellent for a player who mainly featured in defence .
He played Perker in the 1985 adaptation of `` The Pickwick Papers '' .
He played for the Kangaroos in all four matches , including the final , scoring one try .
He pointed out that they themselves laid down their arms and forced him to call back Malik al-Ashtar , who was at the point of securing victory .
He previously dated Dee Plume , half of female electropunk band Robots in Disguise for around ten years before splitting in 2009/2010 and the duo appeared alongside Fielding and Barratt in `` The Mighty Boosh '' .
He probably saw active service as a soldier for the Scottish forces in The Netherlands in the later 1570s , although there is no certain documentary evidence of this .
He ran for Speaker of the Rhode Island House of Representatives four times .
He remained in the MGM `` Our Gang '' productions until his final appearance in the series , `` Unexpected Riches '' , in 1942 at age fourteen .
He reminded them that they had pressed for the Arbitration and had forced him to appoint Abu Musa al-Ash ` ari as his representative , having rejected Ali 's nominees , ibn Abbas and Malik al-Ashtar .
He represented the riding of Nickel Belt in the Sudbury , Ontario area .
He retired on 31 October 1958 , and was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant for the County of Kent .
He returned to Cleveland , working in clubs as a singer , dancer , and comedian , often appearing in character as Prince DuMarr .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said he expects the company to have $ 500 million in sales for this year .
He said it has n't yet been determined how the RTC will raise the cash , but the administration does n't want it to be included on the federal budget , because it would `` distort '' the budget process by requiring either exemptions from Gramm-Rudman or big increases in the budget deficit .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
He served as the first Prime Minister of Australia and became a founding justice of the High Court of Australia .
He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .
He sold them well below market value to raise cash `` to pay off mounting credit - card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR .
He stayed for less than a year before being appointed Chief Constable of Kent in July 1946 .
He supervised the deployment of his division across the Atlantic to North Africa , which was brought piecemeal as part of Operation Torch and subsequent operations .
He talked to McGee about using his name and received permission , which is confirmed by correspondence between McGee and his family .
He thus became convinced that the Tibetan Gelug tradition as a whole no longer embodied Tsongkhapa 's pure teachings and that he and his disciples must therefore separate from it .
He told them that he found their present behavior very strange , considering their involvement in the army revolt at Siffin .
He toured extensively throughout the world , and earned the marketing nickname `` the Pavarotti of the Organ '' .
He was a New Democratic member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1998 to 1999 who was elected in a by-election .
He was a member of the European Convention , which drafted the text of the European Constitution that never entered into force .
He was also a right-arm medium fast bowler with three wickets in test matches to his credit .
He was also able to more easily control his animal instincts after this second mutation .
He was also seen in `` The Fairly OddParents '' episode `` The Fairy Oddlympics '' as Timmy Turner 's co-host .
He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1948 Queen 's Birthday Honours and was knighted in the 1953 Coronation Honours .
He was awarded the Queen 's Police Medal in the 1957 New Year Honours .
He was born to Afro-Guyanese parents & is of Afro-Guyanese descent .
He was buried at a private ceremony at Three Rivers , California , near his old cattle ranch , La Cuesta .
He was buried in the Abbey of the Psalms mausoleum at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery .
He was called to the Irish Bar in 1805 and practised with great success on the home circuit .
He was captured in December 2001 at the Pakistan/Afghanistan border in a widespread dragnet of Arabs , and brought to Guantanamo prison in January , 2002 .
He was condemned to be executed on 16 July .
He was defeated on September 9 , 2008 in the Democratic Party primary by Pedro Espada .
He was included in their squad which won the 2006 FIFA World Cup , as well as the team for the 2010 edition .
He was particularly convinced by the reasoning of the Revd .
He was preceded by James Hardiman , who in 1831 had published the first comprehensive attempt to collect popular poetry in Irish .
He was reared in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints by two devoutly religious parents .
He was separated from his family as a young boy during the Cuban Revolution when he was sent to the United States to live with a foster family through an outreach program while his father was placed in a Cuban prison .
He was subsequently reprieved for a month , and then again for a week .
He was then appointed the United Nations Secretary General 's Special Representative for Sierra Leone and Head of the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone .
He was tried before the high court of justice in late June , and 5 July , defended by Matthew Hale ; presiding at the trial was Richard Keble .
He went on to teach 1st-8th grade at the Day School for ten years .
He will concentrate on , among others , J.P. Morgan and Hyundai .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
He worked as a truck driver and Hebrew teacher to put himself through college , and graduated with a BBA in 1972 .
He wrote for the Roman daily Il Paese , which ceased publication at the end of 1922 , after its offices were destroyed by Fascist `` squadristi '' .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
Healthcare International Inc. said it reached a 120 - day standstill agreement with its HealthVest affiliate calling for Healthcare to pay HealthVest $ 5 million right away and additional amounts in the future .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
Heimerdinger excelled in Wyoming High School competitions for three years in the categories of Humor , Oratory , and Drama .
Hence it can be represented by the integer notation .
Her father held Millais responsible , and forced him to pay for her doctor 's bills .
Her image held aloft signifies the Earth , which `` hangs in the air '' .
Her recent report classifies the stock as a `` hold . ''
Here , equality between the two vectors in homogeneous coordinates means that the numbers on the right side are equal to the numbers on the left side up to some common scaling factor formula_8 .
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva .
Hiester was born in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania on July 17 , 1749 , the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester .
High Court judges are therefore referred to as the Honourable Mr/Mrs Justice Smith .
Hilf al-Fudul was a 7th-century alliance created by various Meccans , including the Islamic prophet Muhammad , to establish fair commercial dealing .
Hill commanded the Right Column during the campaign and decisive British victory at the Battle of Vitoria on 21 June 1813 .
His 2007-2008 season ended with a rib injury on December 10 , 2007 in a game against the Miami Dolphins in which he returned a fumble for a touchdown .
His Classics had lapsed since school , and he spent the autumn term at home studying Greek with a tutor .
His body was laid to rest at St. Gwynno Church in the Llanwynno forestry .
His discovery allowed KOMO-TV to become the first television station in the nation to broadcast in true color .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
His elder brother , Conte Quinto Mazzolini , served as Italian consul in Jerusalem , and undertook negotiations with Abraham Stern , head of the Lehi terrorist group , which sought to obtain Italian recognition of Jewish sovereignty in Palestine in exchange for placing Zionism under the aegis of Italian fascism .
His first break came with an appearance on the CBS `` House Party '' television program hosted by Art Linkletter ; thereafter , he teamed with David Blaylock as the singing duo of `` Guy & David '' , which led to a recording contract with ABC Records .
His first term of office , which he shared with Ratu Sir Josaia Tavaiqia , was from 1990 to 2 June 1992 , when he stepped down in favour of Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara .
His first-class record is better , with 3815 runs in 85 matches between 1945 and 1964 , including six centuries .
His grandson , also called James Geddes , was a civil engineer and agriculturist .
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .
His memorial stone was designed by his only surviving child , Roderick .
His recent appearance at the Metropolitan Museum , dubbed `` A Musical Odyssey , '' was a case in point .
His recent work has been associated with the Bizarro Fiction movement , of which he is one of the leading proponents .
His second term , during which he shared the office initially with Tavaiqia , and later with Ratu Josefa Iloilo , ran from 12 January 1994 to 18 January 1999 , when Iloilo assumed the office on his own .
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s , but was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .
His son Michael serves as manager of the company , and , after being passed over for a promotion , decides to leave both the company and his family .
His strength and dexterity allow him to climb vertical surfaces with just his hands and/or feet , jump great distances and survive falls that would kill any ordinary person .
His wife Lucille becomes CEO , and immediately names as the new president her extremely sheltered youngest son Buster , who proves ill-equipped , as his only experience with business is a class he took concerning 18th century agrarian business .
His work reflects experimental technique , sometimes ignoring time , space , or cause-and-effect , in the service of stories of individuals struggling to transcend fear and limitation .
His works span a wide range of topics from the occult to natural history , literary criticism , biology , cartography , and iconography .
Historical buildings and monuments in Meaux are mainly located in the old city , inside the old defensive walls , still nowadays partially kept thanks to an important segment of the original surrounding wall from the Gallo-Roman period .
Historically , Aiseau was a village dedicated to agriculture , logging , but also to the industry .
Historically , the division has been a rural seat and fairly safe for the National Party , which held it for all but six years from 1922 to 2004 .
HoLEP , Holmium Laser Enucleation of the Prostate , is another Holmium laser procedure reported to carry fewer risks compared with either TURP or open prostatectomy .
HoLEP is largely similar to the HoLAP procedure ; the main difference is that this procedure is typically performed on larger prostates .
Hob Gadling , also known as Robert , Robbie , or Bobby , is a fictional character from the `` Sandman '' comic book series by Neil Gaiman .
Hoechst 33342 and 33258 are quenched by Bromodeoxyuridine , which is commonly used to detect dividing cells .
Hoechst 33342 exhibits a 10 fold greater cell-permeability than H 33258 .
Hoechst dyes can be used together with BrdU to monitor cell cycle progression .
Hofmann was a below-average high school student , but he had many hobbies including magic , electronics , chemistry , and stamp and coin collecting .
Hofmann was born in Salt Lake City , Utah .
Hombres G joined the independent recording company , Lollipop , who in 1983 released their first two singles : `` Milagro en el Congo / Venezia '' and `` Marta tiene un marcapasos / La cagaste , Burt Lancaster '' .
However , Jesus is not accepted as the son by Muslims , who strictly maintain that he was a human being who was loved by God and exalted by God to ranks of the most righteous .
However , Leake and his allies contested the six by-elections with such organised campaigning that three of the six ministers , including Wilson , were defeated .
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''
However , StatesWest is n't abandoning its pursuit of the much - larger Mesa .
However , a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv said that Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty .
However , after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups , BAE Systems recently stated it no longer produces land mines or cluster bombs .
However , as a result of being touched by Pestilence his strength began to increase exponentially while his intellect began to decrease .
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .
However , during his rehearsal , Knievel lost control of the motorcycle and crashed into a cameraman .
However , escape mutants are often generated for the former drug and less frequently for the latter drug .
However , he was attacked by the Guardians of the Universe , angry at being impotent during his first war .
However , his body suddenly mutated again after a short time , changing his fur color from grey to black , returning his strength back to previous levels , and losing his healing factor .
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal-based and urbanised division .
However , it does n't give much of a clue as to whether a recession is on the horizon .
However , it is interesting to note that premature menopause is more common in premutation carriers than in women with the full mutation , and for premutations with more than 100 repeats the risk of FXPOI begins to decrease .
However , it never developed far from its original region .
However , it was also made with the thought of inspiring others to stay strong through their physical and emotional struggles .
However , reports of the fight say Langford clearly outpointed the champion .
However , senior administration officials almost always have the rank of Assistant .
However , starting with the next story , `` The Ark '' , it was declared that `` Doctor Who '' regulars were required to speak in `` BBC English '' , and so Dodo 's accent was changed .
However , technologies to speed up the Smith-Waterman process have been found to improve the time necessary to perform a search dramatically .
However , the Persian satrap of Cappadocia had an inflated view of his own abilities .
However , the age requirement was dropped in 2004 to avoid breaking new European Union discrimination laws .
However , the problem is that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever .
However , the term cob , defined as a short-legged , stout horse , is a body type rather than a breed .
However , the two papers had shared the same editorial staff since the 1980s .
However , the two sometimes work as partners , and during a point in which Robin and Ariana were unable to see each other , he and Stephanie grow even closer .
However , there was no plausible reason why the double agents could not supply accurate data ; the impacts would be common knowledge amongst Londoners and very likely reported in the press , which the Germans had ready access to through the neutral nations .
However , these do not sell the full range of tickets , for instance they do not sell Cheap Evening Returns , so that in the evening passengers can pay double the fare that they need to pay for the journey they are making , if they purchase tickets from the machine .
However , when compared to BLAST , it is more time consuming , not to mention that it requires large amounts of computer usage and space .
However , when the antigenicities of the seed strains and wild viruses do not match , vaccines fail to protect the vaccinees .
Human behavioral ecologists assume that what might be the most adaptive strategy in one environment might not be the most adaptive strategy in another environment .
Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 .
Hungary 's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
I am referring to those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms during the Vietnam war and fled to Canada or some other sanctuary to avoid combat .
I do n't think that is the case . ''
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money - fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century .
I worry more about things becoming so unraveled on the other side that they might become unable to negotiate .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
Iaquinta played 40 matches for the Italy national football team between 2005 and 2010 , scoring six goals .
If convicted , he faces up to 20 years in prison .
If given this data , the Germans would be able to adjust their aim and correct any shortfall .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
If neither contestant has been eliminated before time runs out in round three , the contestant with the higher score is declared the champion , adds their opponent 's score to their own , and their opponent is dropped .
If the cancer occurs in the glands or columnar tissue of the esophagus , then the cancer is an adenocarcinoma .
If the cancer occurs in the squamous cells lining the esophagus , it is called a carcinoma .
If the government can stick with them , it will be able to halve this year 's 120 billion ruble ( US$ 193 billion ) deficit .
If the introduced surface had an ionic or polar nature , there would be water molecules standing upright on 1 or 2 of the four sp3 orbitals .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
If the second excitation pulse is sent prematurely before the relaxation is complete , the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction , giving suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse .
If there 's something ' weird and it do n't look good .
If we assumed that the forts were occupied as densely as those on Hadrian 's Wall , then the garrison on the Gorgan Wall would have been in the order of 30,000 men .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
If you add fish later , it will force shifts in their social structure and could throw a well established colony into chaos .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
In 1005 for example , the governor of the important Adriatic port of Dyrrhachium had surrendered the town to Basil II .
In 1179 , Pope Alexander III elevated the Abbot to a Canon and confirmed the Abbots title to Courtelary .
In 1575 , Franco 's first volume of poetry was published , her `` Terze rime '' , containing 18 `` capitoli '' by her and 7 by men writing in her praise .
In 1577 , she unsuccessfully proposed to the city council that it should establish a home for poor women , of which she would become the administrator .
In 1636 , Roger Williams , after being banished from the Massachusetts Bay Colony for his religious views , settled at the tip of Narragansett Bay , on land granted to him by the Narragansett tribe .
In 1638 he defended John Hampden , along with co-counsel Robert Holborne , on his refusal to pay Ship Money , on which occasion he made a notable speech which established him as a leading advocate .
In 1638 the Prince-Archbishopric 's Lutheran Administrator Frederick II reopened St Peter 's as a Lutheran place of worship , while meanwhile all other churches in town had become Calvinist .
In 1642 a Lutheran Latin School opened at St Peter 's .
In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu observed the practice in Istanbul and attempted to popularize it in Britain , but encountered considerable resistance .
In 1796 Edward Jenner developed a much safer method , using cowpox to successfully immunize a young boy against smallpox , and this practice was widely adopted .
In 1809 Cockburn married his cousin Mary Cockburn ; they had one surviving daughter , Augusta Harriot Mary .
In 1826 he became the King 's Third Serjeant-at-law and in 1830 was advanced to the Second Serjeant .
In 1840 , he was appointed to command his regiment , a post he held for nearly fourteen years .
In 1845 , he was chosen Chief Justice of the Court of Queen 's Bench .
In 1862 , Henry Letheby obtained a partly conductive material by anodic oxidation of aniline in sulfuric acid .
In 1866 , he began a second term as Lord Chancellor , which ended with his death in the next year .
In 1879 , he was re-elected U.S. Senator and was tipped as a Presidential candidate , but died suddenly after giving a speech in Chicago .
In 1880 , the first Putnam Street Bridge was opened to connect Marietta to Fort Harmar .
In 1891 , the academy moved to the German-English Academy Building in downtown Milwaukee .
In 1904 , Service , who was working in the Canadian Bank of Commerce branch in Whitehorse , saw McGee 's name on a form .
In 1907 the publication of the poem , along with the others contained in `` Songs of a Sourdough '' , made Service famous and McGee the subject of ridicule .
In 1911 , with Francis La Flesche , she published `` The Omaha Tribe '' .
In 1914 , the BSA gave local councils the power to segregate African Americans from white Scouts .
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .
In 1926 , `` The News and Courier '' was bought by the owners of Charleston 's main evening paper , `` The Evening Post . ''
In 1954 , a KOMO news photographer discovered a way to develop color film in a new process that took just a few hours instead of days .
In 1958 , he won gold medal at the 6th European Championships in Stockholm .
In 1959 , Republic Act No. 2158 restored the island to its former name .
In 1960 , AIMIM won the Mallepally ward of Hyderabad Municipal Corporation .
In 1962 , Salahuddin won from Patharghatti assembly seat as an Independent candidate and later from Charminar constituency in 1967 .
In 1964 Barrie appeared in two episodes of `` Alfred Hitchcock Presents '' .
In 1965 , he came to Philadelphia as an anchor for WFIL Radio and as main anchor for its sister station WFIL-TV , Philadelphia 's ABC affiliate .
In 1970 , Arad moved to the United States and enrolled at Hofstra University to study industrial management .
In 1971 , Britten-Norman encountered financial problems , and one result was that the Cushioncraft company was sold in 1972 to the British Hovercraft Corporation .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
In 1972 , he won from Yakutpura and later in 1978 , again from Charminar .
In 1972 , researchers found metallic conductivity in the charge-transfer complex TTF-TCNQ .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
In 1973 , shortly after the birth of her first child , she starred in a one-off eponymous 50-minute `` special '' programme with guest star Stefan Grapelli .
In 1974 Herbert and Harald 's widow , Inge , sold their stake in Daimler-Benz to the Government of Kuwait .
In 1975 Barrie was directed by Lee Grant in the television movie `` For The Use Of The Hall '' as `` Charlotte '' .
In 1977 she appeared in two television films , as the mother of Lesley Ann Warren 's character in `` 79 Park Avenue '' and as Emily McPhail in `` Tell Me My Name '' .
In 1978 she played Emily Armsworth in the Disney television film `` Child of Glass '' , based on the novel `` The Ghost Belonged to Me '' by Richard Peck .
In 1978 she played Mrs. Berg in the television film `` Summer of My German Soldier '' .
In 1981 , when staying in New York State , the pair developed the idea of running workshops for professional artists , which became the Triangle Arts Trust .
In 1982 Caro was trying to organise an exhibition of British abstract art in South African townships when he met Robert Loder .
In 1984 , KOMO became the first television station to broadcast daily programming in full stereo sound .
In 1987 , Haidar participated in a nonviolent demonstration against Moroccan occupation of Western Sahara .
In 1987 , Rodan became president of the American Society for Bone and Mineral Research .
In 1987 , Tony Croatto , a popular Puerto Rican folksinger , discovered one of her children poems and converted it into a musical hit .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .
In 1988 extensive work was carried out on the beach portion of the park by the Civitans .
In 1990 Kelsang Gyatso became also outspoken against the Geshe Studies Programme , and `` made the pursuit of his new programmes compulsory . ''
In 1991 , Status Quo received a Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music .
In 1991 he started writing and touring full-time which he still does today .
In 1995 , one of her poems was recorded and presented in Puerto Rico 's `` Centro de Bellas Artes '' , by Puerto Rican musician and singer Roy Brown .
In 1995 Li began teaching Falun Gong abroad , and in 1998 he settled as a permanent resident in the United States .
In 2001 , he brought his mecha design talent to real-life projects when he designed a variant of the Sony `` AIBO '' robotic dog , the `` ERS-220 '' .
In 2002 TV2 used `` In The Neighbourhood '' for its station promotions .
In 2004 , Leahy announced plans to merge with the Boston College School of Theology and Ministry to advance BC as the world 's foremost Jesuit university and a leading center of Catholic intellectual thought .
In 2004 it was expected that redevelopment work in the remaining subway would probably obliterate what remains exist .
In 2004 the Brumbies finished at the top of the Super 12 table , six points clear of the next best team .
In 2004 the Oxford English University Press included Makaton as a common usage word in the Oxford English Dictionary .
In 2005 , Kesey 's son Zane asked a friend , Matthew Rick , also known as Shady Backflash , to put on a 40th anniversary of his father 's Acid Tests .
In 2006 they applied for National League Three , finishing in 5th place and qualifying for the play-offs , where they lost to St Albans Centurions .
In 2007 , Sun announced `` Project Indiana '' with several goals , including providing an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project , replacing SXDE .
In 2007 , private corporations controlled 80 % of the cable television channels , 100 % of the newspaper companies , and 706 out of 709 radio stations .
In 2009 , June Browne Newton conceptualised a tribute exhibition to Helmut based around three photographers who had trained extensively under Helmut : Mark Arbeit , Just Loomis , and George Holz .
In 2009 , the North building underwent extensive $ 20 million interior renovations which completely revamped the interior of the building , giving it a much more modern and classier look .
In 2010 , popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia delivered a scathing video critique of the film , drawing negative comparisons to The Three Stooges , Looney Tunes , and `` Home Alone '' .
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .
In 2011 , major vendors launched several consumer-oriented motherboards using the Intel 6-series LGA 1155 chipset and AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with UEFI .
In 2012 , Bloomberg Businessweek voted San Francisco as America 's Best City .
In 54 BC , Marcus Perperna is mentioned as one of the consulars who bore testimony on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus at his trial .
In AD 425 , when Rome had become Christian , Theodosius II outlawed pagan traditions as superstitious .
In ALE , the sounding information consists of a heavily error-corrected short message identifying the sender .
In American modernism , New York became the first stop for immigrants seeking a better life .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
In April 1902 , Chamberlain dined with the Hughligans , a small parliamentary clique which included Lord Hugh Cecil and Churchill among its membership .
In April 2012 , the United States Department of Justice filed `` United States v. Apple Inc. '' , naming Apple , Macmillan , and four other major publishers as defendants .
In April 2014 , Zane , along with friend Derek Stevens , announced a Kickstarter to fund a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip , offering donors a chance to ride the famous bus .
In Argentina , Maradona is considered a sports hero to many .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
In Buenos Aires , Brown was received with bonfires and orchestras .
In Canada , there are two organizations that regulate university and collegiate athletics .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
In England , at the time of the Domesday Survey , this would have comprised between about 1 and 5 acres .
In England , emphasis was placed on the orientation of the chapels to the east .
In England and Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .
In French , `` droit '' can mean `` the whole body of the Law '' , as in the motto `` dieu et mon droit , '' which is to say `` God and my whole body of Law . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
In Japan , those functions account for only about a third of the software market .
In Jewish Hebrew , the Samaritans are called `` Shomronim '' , while in Samaritan Hebrew they call themselves `` Shamerim '' .
In Jewish belief , its fulfilment will be revealed in the cumulation of Creation , in the era of resurrection , in the physical World .
In July 2014 , Ofcom completed a review of Openreach 's service , resulting in mandated performance levels on key services .
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
In Marvel Noir , Felicia Hardy is the owner of `` The Black Cat '' , a speakeasy that caters to the most powerful and corrupt in New York City .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
In May 1959 , he broke the European record ; afterward in June 1959 , he set the world record at Kusocinski Memorial in Warsaw .
In November 1982 the Ministry of Education adopted a new authorization criterion , the so-called `` Neighboring Country Clause '' : Textbooks ought to show understanding and seek international harmony in their treatment of modern and contemporary historical events involving neighboring Asian countries .
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .
In November 2009 , PartyGaming announced its acquisition of the World Poker Tour from WPTE for $ 12,300,000 .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
In October 2008 , Bond apologized to former U.S. Attorney Todd Graves , after a U.S. Justice Department report cited Bond for forcing Graves out over a disagreement with Representative Sam Graves .
In October 2009 it was confirmed that the Byrom Street cutting was a hitching and unhitching point for trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel .
In September 1940 , Colindale tube station and the Newspaper Library were bombed .
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton-in-Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .
In Taiwan , the locals speak a version of the Minnan language which is called Taiwanese .
In Van Howe 's study , all cases of meatal stenosis were among circumcised boys .
In `` Fragments '' , the protagonist , Baako , is a `` been-to '' - a man who has been to the United States and received his education there .
In `` Predator '' , Scarpetta becomes the head of the National Forensic Academy in Hollywood , Florida , a private institution founded by her wealthy niece Lucy .
In `` Scarpetta '' , she has relocated to Massachusetts , where she is an M.E. , but she and Benton also share an apartment in New York City .
In `` Spider-Man Noir : Eyes without a Face '' , she takes on a more prominent role , sheltering Peter after he is almost killed by Sandman , as well as dating Crime Master .
In `` The Andromeda Strain '' , Michael Crichton 's first novel published under his real name , only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe survive .
In `` The Book of the Dead '' , Scarpetta has relocated as a freelance forensic examiner/expert to Charleston , South Carolina .
In `` The Scarpetta Factor , '' she is working full-time and Wesley is working part-time in New York .
In a 2004 interview , Otto stated that she hopes she would never be as famous as fellow Australian actress Nicole Kidman because she is `` not sure could ever deal with that . ''
In a news post , Holkins stated that he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
In a proposed amendment of the party 's constitution by a delegate to hold an early leadership review of Tim Hudak , McCreadie indicated that Party President Richard Ciano should accept the same review if the motion was passed .
In a recent study on the impact of Hurricane Katrina on marital and partner relationships , researchers found that while many reported negative changes in their relationships , a number also experienced positive changes .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
In a traditional ceremony , Command Sgt. Major Richard L. Ross , holding the division color with battle streamers , passed it to General Frederick M. Franks , Jr. , completing the official retirement of the division , and the 3rd Armored Division was removed from the official force structure of the U.S. Army .
In a typical case of substrate interference , a Language A occupies a given territory and another Language B arrives in the same territory .
In accordance with Article 19 of the Status of Cameroon on 16 April 1957 , it was not the responsibility of the high commissioner to appreciate , to evaluate , to express an opinion on the names of ministers selected by the Prime Minister or to refuse to ratify a government reshuffle .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
In addition , as John Cecil Masterman , chairman of the Twenty Committee , commented , `` If , for example , St Paul 's Cathedral were hit , it was useless and harmful to report that the bomb had descended upon a cinema in Islington , since the truth would inevitably get through to Germany ... ''
In addition , even when they do match , escape mutants are often generated .
In addition , further packaging of mortgage - backed securities , such as Blackstone 's fund , have reduced the effects of prepayment risk and automatically reinvest monthly payments so institutions do n't have to .
In addition , it may remove the Prime Minister from office .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
In addition , the cut of women 's clothes was more complex , which made a more elegant silhouette .
In addition to FM and SHOUTcast MP3 streaming , KDFC was the first radio station in the country to broadcast in digital HD Radio , offering a secondary HD Radio channel , KDFC-2 , featuring longer classical pieces and vocal works , without commercials on their former 102.1 FM frequency .
In addition to canons and services to the Lord Jesus Christ , the Mother of God , and the angels , Mark honored his favorite Fathers of the Church : St. Gregory Palamas , St. John Damascene , St. Symeon Metaphrastes , along with a wealth of more ancient saints .
In addition to comic-book illustration and coloring , Goldberg drew gag cartoons for men 's magazines and did advertising art including a billboard for No-Cal Soda .
In addition to commercial applications , there is a wide body of free software for the UNIX environment which can be compiled and run on SUPER-UX , such as Emacs , and Vim .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
In an elevated position and strategically dominant stands the Castle , erected or at least altered by Frederick II in the thirteenth century , on the basis of an ancient fortress Greek-Roman then used by the Arabs and Normans , trapezoidal with three towers and two square and a circular plan .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
In athletics , Boston College left the Big East Conference and joined the Atlantic Coast Conference on July 1 , 2005 .
In attendance at the ceremony were several former Spearhead commanding generals , and division veterans from all eras .
In both cases this specialized function replaces the basic rifleman position in the fireteam .
In colonial times all grants of land from the Lords Baltimore were in the shape of leases subject to small and nominal ground rents , reserved by the Proprietary , and payable annually at Michaelmas , the Feast of St. Michael and All Angels .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
In contrast to the day costume , the evening costume exudes much more sex appeal .
In criminal law , the intoxication defense is a defense by which a defendant may claim diminished responsibility on the basis of substance intoxication .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
In general , the rivalries between all the clubs were friendly , and families were known to switch affiliations depending on which one offered preferred services and events .
In his 2010 book `` At Home '' , author Bill Bryson suggests Siddal may have suffered from poisoning , because she was a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution , a so-called complexion improver made from dilute arsenic .
In its first six months , RCPO concluded 858 cases convictions in 88 % of cases .
In its first year , the tourney was known as the USF&G New Orleans Open , but was retitled the USF&G Classic in 1982 .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
In keeping with the theme of time as it relates to reality and fantasy , these are seasonal songs that restore the sense of time to the play .
In law reports , referred to as `` Smith J '' , and , for more than one judge , `` Smith and Jones JJ '' .
In line this with , Edwards 's early years , as seen in Comico 's graphic novel , were re-imagined in the comic book mini-series , `` Robotech : From the Stars '' , published WildStorm .
In major market activity : Stock prices rose in light trading .
In many of her writings , King often refers to the comical contradictions between the material reality of her upbringing and the snobbish behavior of her grandmother .
In microcomputers , SWTPC 's 6800 and 6809 machines used TSC 's FLEX disk operating system , Radio Shack 's TRS-80 machines used TRS-DOS , their Color Computer used OS-9 , and most of the Intel 8080 based machines from IMSAI , MITS , Cromemco , North Star , etc. , used the CP/M -80 disk operating system .
In mid-1938 , Hal Roach sold the `` Our Gang '' unit to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , who began casting for a new `` team leader '' character in Spanky 's vein and ended up rehiring McFarland himself .
In modern classifications , it is often treated as a subfamily of the Glyphipterigidae family .
In more recent years , this policy has apparently relaxed somewhat .
In one instance , Japanese police in the village of Jeam-ri , Hwaseong herded everyone into a church , locked it , and burned it to the ground .
In order to allow him to retain his title , Emily went to gatherings of engineers and politicians to defend her husband .
In order to comply with state and federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act rules and regulations , Frazier School District engages in identification procedures to ensure that eligible students receive an appropriate educational program consisting of special education and related services , individualized to meet student needs .
In order to support planned TRAX expansion , UTA ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
In particular , Cyprinidae of southwestern North America have been severely affected ; a considerable number went entirely extinct after settlement by Europeans .
In particular , her grandmother required high standards of behavior from Florence , referring to the family as descendants of Virginia 's colonial elite .
In particular , high conductivity of 0.12 S/cm was reported in perylene-iodine complex in 1954 .
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .
In practice , the peak areas are then not proportional to the stoichiometry ; only the presence , but not the amount of functional groups is possible to discern .
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .
In recent times other local teams have overtaken Celtic in the league structure and in an effort to revitalise the club they switched to summer rugby in 2005 , taking over the fixtures of the defunct Manchester Knights in the Central Premier .
In recent years , Nissan has instituted flex - time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans .
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co .
In recent years Corella has danced for an array of world leaders including Queen Elizabeth II of England , Queen Sophia of Spain , Princess Letizia of Spain , the Duchess of Alba and United States Presidents Barack Obama , Bill Clinton and George Bush .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
In response to echolocating red and big brown bats , tiger moths produce warning sounds .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
In stock - index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index futures and options .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
In systems science , it is argued that the only way to fully understand why a problem or element occurs and persists is to understand the parts in relation to the whole .
In television , two episodes of `` Route 66 '' were shot in Minneapolis in 1963 .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment .
In the 1901 election , after which the Oppositionists under George Leake were able to form a minority government , Frank Wilson , formerly the member for Canning , won the seat .
In the 1950s , researchers discovered that polycyclic aromatic compounds formed semi-conducting charge-transfer complex salts with halogens .
In the 1960s and 70s most of Kabul 's economy depended on tourism .
In the 1986 television series `` War and Remembrance '' , Johns took the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann .
In the 1999-2000 VHSL State Debate Tournament , Tallwood 's Four Person Policy Debate squad clinched the AAA championship .
In the 19th century , Belfast became Ireland 's pre-eminent industrial city with linen , heavy engineering , tobacco and shipbuilding dominating the economy .
In the 2007 Queen 's Birthday Honours , Kirwan was appointed as an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to mental health .
In the 2013 season , Yost posted an 86-76 record with the Royals , their first winning season since 2003 .
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .
In the Civil War , he advocated strong prosecution of the Union War effort , the end of slavery , and civil rights for freed African Americans .
In the Crimean War , the 5th Dragoon Guards formed part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade and was sent to the Black Sea in 1854 .
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
In the United Kingdom , community empowerment networks are networks of a collection of local community , voluntary and third sector organisations and groups , set up by the central government as part of an initiative to foster community involvement in regeneration at a local level .
In the aftermath of September 2005 's Hurricane Katrina , Storrs was named by `` Slate '' as `` America 's Best Place to Avoid Death Due to Natural Disaster . ''
In the calendar of the Roman Catholic and Anglican churches this is observed on September 29 .
In the chaos , a fire starts which causes the truck to explode , killing Kit and scaring away the crocodile .
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .
In the context of a Stryker Brigade Combat Team 's Infantry Rifle Companies , one man from each fireteam in a rifle squad is either the Squad Anti-armor Specialist , armed with the FGM-148 Javelin , or the Squad Designated Marksman , who carries the M4 carbine and M14 rifle .
In the corporate market , an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp. generated considerable attention .
In the definitions offered by Beauchamp & Davidson and , later , by Wreen , consent on the part of the patient was not considered to be one of their criteria , although it may have been required to justify euthanasia .
In the early 19th century the Welsh Methodists broke away from the Anglican church and established their own denomination , now the Presbyterian Church of Wales .
In the early novels Scarpetta is the Chief Medical Examiner for the Commonwealth of Virginia and works in Richmond .
In the extreme south , the national language Dzongkha is spoken .
In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share .
In the first volume of the series , The Noh 's nature and background is explained .
In the municipal government , one councillor is drawn from each of these wards , while the mayor and two additional councillors are elected by the people at large .
In the north and east inhabitants speak Bumthangkha , and in the extreme southeast Khengkha is spoken .
In the parallel universe where the Justice Lords reside , Dick 's counterpart is happily married to Barbara 's and they had a son together .
In the post - `` Gregg '' era Texas has executed over four times more inmates than Virginia and nearly 37 times more inmates than California .
In the same year he married , as his second wife , Elizabeth Cromwell , a cousin of Oliver Cromwell , to whom his first wife also had been distantly related .
In the school year 1999-2000 , the Mathematics department proposed an amendment on the Math curriculum of UPRHS .
In the summer , the lodge also houses the Trail Crew , a crew of Dartmouth Outing Club students who help maintain the seventeen Dartmouth Cabins & 50 miles of Appalachian trail between Hanover and the Lodge itself .
In the third round , after being asked the question , the contestant has two choices , either to answer the question themselves or pass the question to his or her opponent .
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .
In the winter of 1976 , Knievel was scheduled for a major jump in Chicago , Illinois .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
In the years preceding the massacre , Huguenot `` political rhetoric '' had for the first time taken a tone against not just the policies of a particular monarch of France , but monarchy in general .
In this case a small valve is adequate because most liquids are nearly incompressible , and so a relatively small amount of fluid discharged through the relief valve will produce a substantial reduction in pressure .
In this case the infant is regarded in Islam as having the same degree of affinity as in consanguinity and therefore prohibited in marriage when he grows up to those related to the wet nurse by the same degree as if to his own mother .
In this explanation the purpose of Creation is that `` God desired a dwelling place in the lower realms '' - it is man who transforms the mundane , lowest World into an abode for God 's essence .
In those commission forms with five members , this role is combined with the position of Commissioner of Public Works into a consolidated role as Commissioner of Public Works , Parks and Public Property .
In those years , he began to collaborate with some newspapers .
Indeed , one of its best-known members , the master-archer Merlyn , was eventually forced to flee from the League , fearing for his life , having failed to assassinate Batman .
Indeed , the `` art of doctoring '' does contribute to better health results and discourages unwarranted malpractice litigation .
Indeed , the insurance adjusters had already bolted out of the courtroom .
Indian Maoists are known as Naxalites in reference to a popular uprising that began decades ago centered in the village of Naxalbari .
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars .
Initially Roberto is confused as he understands his grades are not impressive .
Initially flying the A-4B Skyhawk , the squadron later transitioned to the A-4L Skyhawk .
Initially formed as a punk band `` The Toilets '' under lead singer Mike Peters the band soon embraced rock , displaying marked influences from Welsh language and culture .
Initially his chances of surviving were thought to be no better than 50-50 .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Instead , he proposed a `` law - governed economy , '' in which there would be a `` clear - cut division between state direction of the economy and economic management . ''
Instead , much of numerical analysis is concerned with obtaining approximate solutions while maintaining reasonable bounds on errors .
Instead he awoke when a smaller meteorite hit the Earth in 1992 , seven years too early .
Instead of ablating the tissue , the laser cuts a portion of the prostate , which is then cut into smaller pieces and flushed with irrigation fluid .
Instead of having system calls specifically for process management , Plan 9 provides the codice_13 file system .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Interstate / Johnson Lane Inc. this year adds 70 people -- 60 of them in retail -- to its 1,300 - member staff .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
Israel recaptured both the formerly Israeli occupied sector and the pre-Yom Kippur War Syrian-controlled sector on October 21 , during Operation Dessert .
Israel responded with airstrikes and artillery fire on targets in Lebanon , and a ground invasion of southern Lebanon , resulting in the 2006 Lebanon War .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
It 's recommended to have only two males and a dozen or so females .
It also concluded that `` SoftRAM95 does not increase RAM in a computer using Windows 95 ; nor does the product enhance the speed , capacity , or other performance measures of a computer using Windows 95 '' .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
It appeared that the split that Kim Il-Sung hoped to create between the ROK and the U.S. was becoming a reality .
It appears as the fifth track on their highly successful 1986 album `` Invisible Touch '' , opening the second side of the vinyl and cassette editions .
It came in London 's `` Big Bang '' 1986 deregulation ; and Toronto 's `` Little Bang '' the same year .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
It can be recognized by trembling of the iris or lens and the presence of an aphakic crescent .
It continues following U.S. Route 220 during this time , picking up a few tributaries , including Lick Run .
It could point to plenty of ailments that the Spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure .
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .
It features Miller reading news articles , usually of a humorous nature , discussing beavers .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
It finally closed to all traffic in July 1985 , when it was deemed too expensive to make extensive repairs to keep Latchford viaduct operational .
It had the right to elect 12 burgesses to the corporation .
It has its own Tehsil office , ADC office , and a police station .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
It has long hind legs and a long , slender , scaly tail that it uses to communicate by making drumming noises .
It has not been cleared and is overgrown , with a rough surface , tree falls , and several wet areas with drainage problems .
It has perhaps the largest numbers of rebbes of any Hasidic dynasty .
It hosts the `` Zomercarnaval '' , the second largest Caribbean carnival in Europe , originally called the Antillean carnival .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
It includes thirty-two elementary schools , nine middle schools , ten high schools and one charter school .
It involved the application of materials from smallpox sufferers in order to immunize others .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
It is a relatively common and widespread snake found in the Southern United States and northeastern and central Mexico .
It is a very weak signal , and requires sensitive radio receivers to pick up .
It is also envisaged that because of the town 's proximity to Berlin and Potsdam , for example , and the development of high quality recreational facilities , Premnitz may be considered as a good place to live and commute to work , as an alternative to living in the city .
It is amazing that the ensuing mass executions in Vietnam and Cambodia do not weight more heavily on minds so morally fine - tuned .
It is best served with laksa and homemade tauhu .
It is caused by any kind of infection and is a type of gastroenteritis .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Al Nasr SC .
It is currently utilized by Medaille College 's men and women 's soccer teams along with its men 's and women 's lacrosse teams .
It is essentially the same as the dialect spoken in Xiamen , and is unintelligible with Standard Chinese .
It is for the most part mutually intelligible with the other Oghuz languages , which include Azerbaijani , Gagauz , Turkmen and Urum , and to a varying extent with the other Turkic languages .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
It is named as a part of East Main Street .
It is necessary to climb embankments to cross some roads where former bridges have been filled in .
It is not really passable , and must be done on foot if attempted .
It is offered by the flagship banks of New York 's Manufacturers Hanover Corp. in the one - year maturity only .
It is often argued that only Morgan signed the report in its entirety .
It is part of the Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Beauty and situated on the Green Sand Way .
It is possible that , in perpetuating such myths , the ground is being laid for the arrest of opposition activists on the ground of terrorism .
It is primarily used for baseball and is the home field of the Lake Elsinore Storm minor league baseball team , a part of the California League .
It is semi-usable , but its use is cautioned .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It is still considered to be the definitive work on the subject .
It is supposed to have been derived either from the Breton words `` bara + gwin '' or from `` Bourgondisch '' .
It is the promise of economic returns that is supposed to make the corporatist model attractive to both the party and labor .
It is very important when setting up a colony of `` T. moorii '' to introduce them to the tank all at once .
It is widely used to study cholinergic neurotransmission in simple systems such as the nematode `` C. elegans '' .
It lies in a rugged stretch of land between the Rupes Altai scarp to the west and Mare Nectaris in the east .
It may attain 83 cm in total length , tail 20 cm .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
It operates the Helsinki metro , Helsinki tram and ferry boat traffic .
It proved successful , and thus on October 22 , 2001 , owner Radio One finally moved the radio format and the WHTA call letters to the stronger 107.9 as `` Hot 107.9 '' where it still airs today .
It provided the first free crossing of the Muskingum .
It rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in June and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September 1988 .
It said CS First Boston `` has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that `` a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking - related business .
It said financing would consist of $ 250 million from a private placement obtained through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and a $ 150 million revolving credit line underwritten by Chase Manhattan Bank .
It said the situation is caused by efforts to streamline bloated factory payrolls .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
It should be noted that these numbers are inclusive of any of the childminders own children .
It started with the main event of the first night of All Star Weekend 6 on January 5 with a Six-Person No Disqualification Tag Team Match that Tornado 's team won when Kingston pinned Hero with the Back Drop Driver .
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .
It tells the story of the Corps of Royal Engineers and British military engineering in general .
It transforms back into Alan just in time for Pete to arrive and see Ed open the airlock .
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
It was Marciano 's sixth and last title defense before retiring in 1956 .
It was a notable influence on John Buchan and Ken Follett , who described it as `` an open-air adventure thriller about two young men who stumble upon a German armada preparing to invade England . ''
It was a significant promotion that marked a distinct aptitude for medicine ; it brought greater responsibility and a heavier workload .
It was chosen in 1901 because it was a triangulation station at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the triangulation arc along the 98th meridian west that was near the geographic center of the contiguous United States .
It was club policy to promote talent into the senior team that was adopted by Bill Dimovski .
It was elevated as the Vicariate Apostolic of Heijo on 11 July 1939 , and renamed the Vicariate Apostolic of Pyong-Yang on 12 July 1950 .
It was elevated further as the Diocese of Pyongyang on 10 March 1962 .
It was in the late eighties when he found himself on his way into the world of voice acting .
It was intended that Battra would reawaken in 1999 to prevent a large meteorite from destroying the Earth .
It was named for Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley , an officer in the War of 1812 , who was mainly remembered for the Battle of Lundy 's Lane and the Siege of Fort Erie , in 1814 .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
It was only incidentally that economic issues appeared in nationalist political forms .
It was originally aimed at mature entrants to the teaching profession , who could not afford to give up work and undertake a traditional method of teacher training such as the PGCE .
It was probably the same Marcus Perperna who was judex in the case of Gaius Aculeo , and also in that of Quintus Roscius , for whom Cicero pleaded .
It was recorded at Armstrong Studios with Braund and Green producing , they used the same personnel as for Braund 's solo album .
It was reduced to its present boundaries in 1799 .
It was regained by Syria on October 6 , 1973 , the first day of the Yom Kippur War , following the First Battle of Mount Hermon .
It was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday .
It was thought that she suffered from tuberculosis , but some historians believe an intestinal disorder was more likely .
It was united with the Clitheroe Rural District , as part of the Ribble Valley district in the non-metropolitan county of Lancashire .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
Its average daily temperatures range from a low of in January to a summer peak of in July .
Its bus operations were merged with another city-owned company , Suomen Turistiauto , to form a new bus company called Helsingin Bussiliikenne .
Its cover art was created by artist/printmaker Tom Huck .
Its cultivation even declined in favour of the Asian species , which was introduced to East Africa early in the common era and spread westward .
Its objective is to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students at their campuses .
Its responsibilities include the investigation and prevention of federal offenses involving the unlawful use , manufacture , and possession of firearms and explosives ; acts of arson and bombings ; and illegal manufacturing and trafficking of alcohol and tobacco products that avoid paying the federal excise taxes on these products .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
JAL introduced jet service on the Fukuoka-Tokyo route in 1961 .
Jack Kemp has submitted a package of reforms , and they are surely headed for the Capitol Hill sausage - grinder .
Jackie Blanchflower and Johnny Berry were injured to such an extent that their playing careers were over , and Kenny Morgans was never the same player he had been before the crash .
Jackson Lee made three unsuccessful attempts at local judgeships before becoming a municipal judge from 1987 to 1990 .
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .
Jaguar shares closed at 869 pence , up 122 pence , on hefty turnover of 9.7 million shares .
James Arthur Hogue is a US impostor who most famously entered Princeton University by posing as a self-taught orphan .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Jan Leemans , research director , said this gene was successfully introduced in oil - producing rapeseed plants , a major crop in Europe and Canada , using as a carrier a `` promoter gene '' developed by Robert Goldberg at the University of California in Los Angeles .
Janet Jagan was also in the forefront in operating soup kitchens for the striking workers and their families on the sugar estates .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
Japan 's FTC says it is investigating Apple for allegedly discouraging retailers from discounting .
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies .
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
Jewish tradition holds that Samaria is named so because the region 's mountainous terrain was used to keep `` Guard '' for incoming enemy attack .
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
John Bird Summer wrote that Jesus 's religion was `` wonderfully suitable ... to our ideas of happiness in this & the next world '' and there was `` no other way ... of explaining the series of evidence & probability . ''
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . ''
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .
John performed the song on `` Soul Train '' .
Johns also appeared as an Imperial Officer in the 1980 `` Star Wars sequel '' , `` The Empire Strikes Back '' .
Joining another fast and mobile carrier task force , `` Hazelwood '' sortied 11 February to protect carriers as they launched heavy air strikes against the Japanese home islands 16 and 17 February .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
Joseph 's half-brother , Frank LaFlesche became a chief of the Ponca and was influential in the lives of Joseph 's children .
Joseph , also called `` Insta Maza '' , had started with the American Fur Company at age 16 , after accompanying his father from the age of 10 on his trips .
Josephus indicates that the Pharisees received the backing and good-will of the common people , apparently in contrast to the more elite Sadducees associated with the ruling classes .
Judaism gives various answers , and Nistar gives its own reasons and explanations .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
Just above seen is a replica of a Shiva lingam .
Just as he makes this decision , however , George Sr. is arrested by the Securities and Exchange Commission for defrauding investors and gross spending of the company 's money for `` personal expenses '' .
Just before Earth was found , `` Galactica '' faced the Cylons in a final climactic battle and destroyed them forever .
Just eighteen years later , a lightning struck the north tower and burned the roof , which collapsed into the nave destroying the roof .
KFI helped to keep the calm during the dark days of World War II by airing President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's `` Fireside Chats . ''
KNBC in Los Angeles , serving the media market where the police were tracking Simpson , left game coverage completely for the chase and did not even put up a split screen until the end of the game , which was still close at the time .
KOMO has a number of broadcast `` firsts . ''
Kabul had textile , cotton production , and carpet production industries , but most of its economy came through tourism which it lost during its destruction .
Kawamori also helped to design various toys for the Takara toyline `` Diaclone '' in the late 1970s and the early 1980s , many of which were later incorporated into Hasbro 's `` Transformers '' toyline .
Kay goes on to state that , `` this began with non-Gelug books being removed , but as Geshe Kelsang 's vision crystallised , even books by Gelug teachers became unacceptable to him and the library disappeared altogether .
Kay states that another result of these `` radically exclusive policies '' was that after the foundation of NKT the Manjushri Institute Library , with over 3000 books , was removed .
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history .
Keibler then asked for time off to appear on `` Dancing with the Stars '' .
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .
Kiyoko can be written many different using different kanji characters .
Knievel was scheduled to jump a tank full of live sharks and would be televised live nationally .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Korean villagers hiding resistance fighters were dealt with harshly , often with summary execution , rape , forced labour , and looting .
Kostabi 's other releases include : `` Songs For Sumera '' , `` New Alliance '' and `` The Spectre Of Modernism '' .
Kroll 's EMEA headquarters are in London , and the company has a presence in Spain , with offices in Madrid and Barcelona .
Kstovo was granted urban-type settlement status in 1954 and town status in 1957 .
LM Radio also trained a whole generation of announcers and disc jockeys who later went on to make their careers on other stations in South Africa and all over the world .
LM Radio was privately owned and operated , and served the vast audience of young people by transmitting pop and rock music which had limited exposure on the SABC stations .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
Ladd has won a Golden Globe and a BAFTA and has been nominated three times for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
Lake Elsinore Diamond , commonly referred to as Storm Stadium , is a baseball park in Lake Elsinore , California .
Land Rover presented at the 2008 London Motor Show its new ERAD diesel-electric hybrid in a pair of Freelander 2 prototypes .
Langford kept Walcott at a distance with his longer reach and used his footwork to evade all of Walcott 's attacks .
Langford landed lefts and rights to the jaw so effectively , Walcott was bleeding by round two and continued bleeding more after every round .
Language B then begins to supplant language A : the speakers of Language A abandon their own language in favor of the other language , generally because they believe that it will help them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
Large cross - border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion in the second quarter , the firm added .
Larger boats and ships generally have multiple decks and compartments .
Larger geographical areas , called Territories , are led by a Territorial Commander , who is the highest-ranking officer in that Territory .
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
Last year , the Supreme Court defined when companies , such as military contractors , may defend themselves against lawsuits for deaths or injuries by asserting that they were simply following specifications of a federal government contract .
Latchford viaduct was opened on 8 July 1893 to carry the London and North Western Railway 's Stockport to Warrington line over the Manchester Ship Canal .
Later , Hank mutated further through the growth of grey fur covering his entire body and the enhancement of all of his existing abilities , especially his strength , and he also gained a nearly instantaneous healing factor .
Later , divorced , she met and fell deeply in-love with Gabriel Roche , a successful urban developer during the rebuilding years of France after World War II .
Later , it carried `` Monitor , '' the network 's very successful weekend radio service .
Later , the very different STA was converted into a flightworthy orbiter , re-designated OV-099 , and christened `` Challenger '' .
Later that same year she was promoted to assistant script editor , working on the BBC 's popular medical drama `` Casualty '' .
Latif said he traveled from Yemen to Pakistan in August 2001 to seek medical treatment , while the U.S. government alleged he went there to receive military training from affiliates of al Qaeda .
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
Lawyers would eagerly seize on the provision in their death - penalty appeals , says Richard Burr , director of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund 's capital - punishment defense team .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
Leading up to the service , Callaghan 's son said , `` My father believed a burial at sea for the pilot was the right thing to do .
Learning Center of The University of Lahore is established for the professional development of the teaching faculty and staff .
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and Clarke left the studio .
Lens subluxation is also seen in dogs and is characterized by a partial displacement of the lens .
Lewis Carroll , in `` Sylvie and Bruno Concluded '' , made the point humorously with his description of a fictional map that had `` the scale of a mile to the mile '' .
Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun , and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China .
Licensed brands include Disney , Marvel , Mattel and Nickelodeon .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Like his father , Raghavendra Rajkumar too sings his own songs in the movies .
Like many Native American languages , Cherokee has many pronominal prefixes .
Like most incarnations , Felicia has a relationship with Spider-Man Noir .
Like other BBC content of the mid-1990s , it often lampooned the low-budget quality of satellite television available in the UK at the time .
Like virtually all Seattle neighborhoods , the Pioneer Square neighborhood lacks definitive borders .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Lobectomy means `` surgical excision of a lobe '' .
Local football team Ammanford A.F.C. play in the Welsh Football League Second Division , while rugby union team Ammanford RFC were formed in 1887 and play in the Welsh Rugby Union leagues .
Locals speak the Quanzhou variety of Min Nan similar to Amoy , similar to South East Asian Hokkien and Taiwanese .
Located near Alpha is Lambda Serpentis , a magnitude 4.42 star rather similar to the Sun located only away .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Lonsdaleite is simulated to be 58 % harder than diamond on the < 100 > face and to resist indentation pressures of 152 GPa , whereas diamond would break at 97 GPa .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Losing Barbara caused Dick to become estranged from Bruce for his role .
Love was ordered to be arrested on 14 May 1651 , and was committed close prisoner to the Tower of London for high treason .
Lucy 's adoptive parents emigrated from Ireland to Perth in the early 1950s .
Lucy has made contact with her biological mother Jan. .
Lugo and Lozano were released in 1993 and continue to reside in Venezuela .
Luke Robert Ravenstahl is an American politician who served as the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 until 2014 .
Lyubov Speranskaya has become famous scenographic producer and master of scenic and national clothes .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Machines dedicated solely to word processing , which have all but disappeared in the U.S. , are still more common in Japan than PCs .
Made of space - age materials , the wheel spokes are designed like airplane wings to shave 10 minutes off the time of a rider in a 100 - mile race , the company claims .
Maduveya Vayasu song from nanjundi kalyana was a track played during marriages for many many years in Kannada .
Major hits with Columbia included `` Give It Up '' , `` This I Swear '' , and `` In The Mood '' .
Making a campaign appearance in Ennis on 15 August , de Valera was arrested on the platform and interned at Arbour Hill prison until 1924 .
Males had a median income of $ 28,750 versus $ 16,250 for females .
Males had a median income of $ 36,016 versus $ 32,679 for females .
Males had a median income of $ 42,368 versus $ 31,208 for females .
Many are surgically removed for aesthetics and relief of psychosocial burden , but larger ones are also excised for prevention of cancer , although the benefit is impossible to assess for any individual patient .
Many composers have been capable of producing music in printed form without the capacity themselves to read or write in musical notation , as long as an amanuensis of some sort is available .
Many critics have objected to the subjective , Romantic nature of the title `` Moonlight '' , which has at times been called `` a misleading approach to a movement with almost the character of a funeral march '' and `` absurd '' .
Many crop cultivars show strong allelopathic properties , of which rice has been most studied .
Many different insulating materials are available for sleeping bags .
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .
Many noyans were executed and/or arrested during the Great Purge in Mongolia .
Many of his fighter designs were produced in large numbers for Soviet forces during World War II .
Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion .
Many overseas Chinese whose ancestors came from the Quanzhou area , especially those in Southeast Asia , often speak mainly Hokkien at home .
Many participants of the March 1st Movement were subjected to torture and execution .
Many wildlife parks and zoos breed rare and endangered species as a major part of their activities , and release the progeny when possible into suitable habitat .
Many young South African artists made their debut on LM Radio through the numerous road shows which toured the country .
Marinated kapenta can be made from kapenta fillets put in vinegar with salt and kept in a refrigerator .
Mark and Marisa , the Drive Time presenters , made the announcement live on air at 5.20 pm GMT and both the staff 's personal emails and the stations website was closed shortly thereafter 10pm GMT .
Mark composed a wealth of poetic texts honoring God and the saints , many of which were intended for use in a liturgical setting .
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
Marking the first use of Disney 's multiplane camera , the film also incorporates realistic depictions of animal behavior , complex lighting and color effects , depictions of rain , wind , lightning , ripples , splashes and reflections , three-dimensional rotation of detailed objects , and the use of timing to produce specific dramatic and emotional effects .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
Marriage to what are sometimes described as foster relations in English are permitted , although the concept is not the same as implied by the English word .
Matt Busby himself was in hospital for two months recovering from multiple injuries .
Matthew got together a small group of promoters , including Rob Robinson from New York , to help him produce the event , which was held in Las Vegas on October 31 , 2005 .
Matthews released an on-air clarification the same day during his normal 5PM block of coverage on MSNBC .
McFarlane noted that `` Cybotron '' `` featured a mix of heavy synthesiser kinetics , organ drones and pulsating electronic beats '' .
McLay also suggests that the songs negate what many consider to be a `` heretical '' ending for a comedy .
Meades Ranch is a location in Kansas , United States that was designated as the geodetic base point for the North American Datum of 1927 .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Meanwhile , Shearson Lehman 's Mr. Devario said that , to stay competitive , the U.S. paper industry needs to catch up with the European industry .
Meanwhile , Sheriff Bowman finds the fishermen and Hubs remains before visiting Shurkin and Lester , two locals who take care of alligators .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Meanwhile , at home , Mitsubishi has control of some major projects .
Meanwhile , the Mason City Division continued to operate as usual .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
Measures can be taken to prevent a capsize from becoming a turtle .
Meatal stenosis may also be caused by ischemia resulting from damage to the frenular artery during circumcision .
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Members of the League demonstrated willingness to die at a word from Ra 's .
Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down - payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program - driven financial futures .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Merrill said it continues to believe that `` the causes of excess market volatility are far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy .
Metromedia , headed by John W. Kluge , has interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
Migrants to Belfast came from across Ireland , Scotland and England , but particularly from rural Ulster , where sectarian tensions ran deep .
Milk sold to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers averaged $ 14.50 for each hundred pounds , up 50 cents from September and up $ 1.50 from October 1988 , the department said .
Millais , absorbed by his painting and did not notice and Siddal did not complain .
Millais painted daily into the winter putting lamps under the tub to warm the water .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
Mitsubishi Estate has n't decided how it will raise the funds for the purchase , which are due in cash next April , but the Marunouchi holdings alone are estimated to have a market value of as much as 10 trillion yen to 11 trillion yen .
Modeled after innovative European buildings , it became one of Newark 's first successful retail emporiums .
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .
Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire , and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization , tempered by Ethiopian traditions , and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state .
Modernity has been blended without sacrificing on the traditional Buddhist ethos .
Modification of the river began in earnest with the arrival of the Florida East Coast Railway in Miami in 1896 .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
Monsignore Ferdinando Baldelli , Carlo Egger and Otto Faller started on behalf of the pope the official Pontificia Commissione di Assistenza Madre Pascalina was asked by the Pope to direct his personal charity efforts , officially under Monsignor Montini , later Pope Paul VI , with whom she seemed to have a complicated relationship .
Montgomery Blair 's Science , Math , and Technology Academy specializes in : Life Science , Physical Science , Engineering , Mathematics , Computer Networking , and Computer Programming .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square .
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .
Moore was born in Fort Smith , Arkansas , and grew up there before moving to Cleveland , Ohio , and then Milwaukee , Wisconsin , where he preached in churches as well as working as a nightclub dancer .
More big Japanese investors are buying U.S. mortgage - backed securities , reversing a recent trend .
More recently , critical review on rice allelopathy and the possibility for weed management reported that allelopathic characteristics in rice are quantitatively inherited and several allelopathy-involved traits have been identified .
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
Moreover , some sponsors pulled their advertising off XM in protest of the suspension .
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .
Morgans appointed Wilson minister of mines and commissioner of railways on 21 November 1901 .
Mortgage securities ended 2\/32 to 4\/32 higher in light trading .
Most dealerships also provide a series of additional services for car buyers and owners , which are sometimes more profitable than the core business of selling cars .
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Most larger vessels have an engine room , a galley , and various compartments for work .
Most of the proposals are in tourism , basic industry and fishery and agro - industry projects , he said .
Most reporters require the source to have `` commissioned status '' .
Most yields on short - term jumbo CDs , those with denominations over $ 90,000 , also moved in the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields .
Mr. Achenbaum 's move follows the announcement last month that his consulting partner , Stanley Canter , 66 , would retire .
Mr. Ackerman contended that it was a direct response to his efforts to gain control of Datapoint .
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
Mr. Baker found an opening under the house that led to a fume - filled coal mine .
Mr. Baker heads the Kentucky Association of Science Educators and Skeptics .
Mr. Baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations .
Mr. Bickwit said , `` I can see why an S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities , '' but said the overseas investments `` essentially broke even '' for the S&L .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
Mr. Blair said his libel suit seeks 10 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 8.5 million ) from Canadian Express and Hees executives Manfred Walt and Willard L'Heureux .
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to `` Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
Mr. Meek said his suspicions were aroused by several foreign investments by Lincoln , including $ 22 million paid to Credit Suisse of Switzerland , an $ 18 million interest in Saudi European Bank in Paris , a $ 17.5 million investment in a Bahamas trading company , and a recently discovered holding in a Panama - based company , Southbrook Holdings .
Mr. Mehl attributed the rise specifically to the Treasury bill increase .
Mr. Moon 's support for a Watergate - beleaguered Richard Nixon , the Koreagate scandal , and his prison sentence for income - tax evasion did not help the church 's recruitment efforts .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved `` nuances . ''
Mr. Phelan is an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions .
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker .
Mr. Rifenburgh also noted that 150 million shares of MiniScribe common stock were traded during the past three years , `` so there 's a tremendous amount of exposure . ''
Mr. Rifenburgh said the board still has n't acted on most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending restatement of the balance sheet .
Mr. Rifenburgh told industry analysts he is moving `` aggressively '' to negotiate out - of - court settlements on a number of shareholder lawsuits , but noted that the company could file for bankruptcy - law protection if settlement talks fail .
Mr. Robinson of Delta & Pine , the seed producer in Scott , Miss. , said Plant Genetic 's success in creating genetically engineered male steriles does n't automatically mean it would be simple to create hybrids in all crops .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto - based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator .
Mrs. Marcos 's trial is expected to begin in March .
Mrs. Marcos has n't admitted that she filed any documents such as those sought by the government .
Ms. Shere has offered a $ 500 reward for the book 's return but figures she 'll have to reinvent many recipes from scratch .
Ms. Waleson is a free - lance writer based in New York .
Much like the Babylonian approximation of formula_1 , modern numerical analysis does not seek exact answers , because exact answers are often impossible to obtain in practice .
Much of the station remains in the disused subway but there is no public access .
Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr was a pious Muslim who supported the Imam of his time , Ali ibn Abi Talib , even though his sister Aisha opposed ` Ali in the battle of Jamal , Ibn Abu Bakr was faithful to his stepfather .
Muncy Creek then turns northeast , crossing Pennsylvania Route 405 and turns southwest , crossing Interstate 180 .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
Municipal bonds were little changed to 1\/2 point higher in late dealings .
Muslim influence played a part in the initiation of iconoclasm and their conquests caused the iconoclasm in the Byzantine Empire .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
NAVAIRESTRACOM 's primary responsibility was the oversight of numerous reserve naval air stations throughout the US where experienced Naval Aviators , enlisted Naval Aircrewmen , and maintenance personnel from WWII could affiliate as Naval Reservists and maintain their aviation proficiency should their skills be needed for future conflicts .
Named after Sir Walter Harding who in 1858 became the first Chief Justice in Natal .
Names like John Berks , Gary Edwards , Frank Sanders , Robin Alexander , Darryl Jooste , George Wayne and David Gresham all started out at LM Radio before moving to other stations such as Swazi Music Radio , Radio 702 , Springbok Radio and other SABC stations , 2JJ and Capital 604 .
Nancy Craig , advertising manager for the Red Cross , readily admits `` they 're piggybacking on our reputation . ''
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
Nash was also involved in North Carolina politics , representing Hillsborough on several occasions in the colonial North Carolina General Assembly .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
Necro became a regular member of the PWG roster through the majority of 2008 , teaming with Chris Hero to defend the honor of Candice LeRae against the Human Tornado and his allies in Claudio Castagnoli and Eddie Kingston .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Nevertheless , an ability to read or write music is not a requirement to compose music .
Nevertheless , some consider that the earldoms named after counties retain more prestige .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
New Company is specialized to produce various domestic appliances , in particular , refrigerators and laundry washers based on the cutting-edge technologies .
New Jersey Transit provides bus service on the 315 route that runs between Cape May and Philadelphia .
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .
New car dealerships also sell used cars , and take in trade-ins and/or purchase used vehicles at auction .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
Newhan split the season between Triple-A Round Rock , where he hit .308 .
Newport Electronics Inc. named a new slate of officers , a move that follows replacement of the company 's five incumbent directors last week .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Newspaper editorials and Government officials suggested that the Korean units in South Vietnam should be recalled to deal with the North Korean threat , while various advisers coaxed President Park to `` Go North '' with or without the Americans .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
Next morning , the race left the city on the way to the Pyrenees and stopped in the suburb of Gradignan , in the university area of La House .
Nighy and Blunt received Golden Globe Awards for their performances .
Nikki 's first appearance , in `` Fool for Love '' , was a fight scene with no dialogue ; she was portrayed by stuntwoman April Weeden-Washington .
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino - U.S. relations was `` very great , '' calling the situation `` the most serious '' since 1972 .
No announcement from UTV was made about the decision to close the station earlier than planned .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
Noatak has a gravel public airstrip and is primarily reached by air .
Nocturnal animals at Craters of the Moon include woodrats , skunks , foxes , bobcats , mountain lions , bats , nighthawks , owls , and most other small desert rodents .
Norris McLaughlin is a general - practice firm that has expanded recently into such specialties as banking , labor and environmental work .
Northern Duo tickets are also unavailable from these machines and can be purchased only from an open ticket office or on the train .
Not everyone completely trusted Vakama 's vision - Matau was particularly frustrated at following what he considered the delusions of a `` fire-spitter '' - but with nothing else to go on they decided to track the Matoran down .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
Not only the plant itself , but the entire living infrastructure were built in a short time .
Not wanting to be blamed for the massacre , Williams handcuffs Ballard to her cot and escapes from the train .
Notable incidents alleging the use of the shoot-to-kill policy include the Loughgall ambush , Operation Flavius in Gibraltar , and an incident in Strabane .
Nothing is known for certain about his life before about 1580 , but contemporary or near-contemporary accounts suggest that he was brought up as a member of the Church of Scotland , spent some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent , and was converted to Catholicism in Spain .
Notorious train robber Roy Gardner was re-captured at the then-Oxford Hotel after escaping federal custody in 1921 .
Now Mr. Broberg , a lawyer , claims he 'd play for free .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Now that the New York decision has been left intact , other states may follow suit .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Nowadays nothing much can be seen of the castle .
Numerical analysis continues this long tradition of practical mathematical calculations .
Nyenkha is spoken in the western half of the district , straddling the border with Wangdue Phodrang District .
Obviously the epilogue was not an afterthought supplied too late for the English edition , for it is referred to in `` The Castaway '' : `` in the sequel of the narrative , it will then be seen what like abandonment befell myself . ''
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
Of the agency 's 2,750 staff members , 230 are in the field working on actual projects , such as literacy and oceanographic research .
Of the rest of the population , there was 1 individual who belonged to the Christian Catholic faith .
Of the self - starting vacuum cleaner , he says : `` Could be Cuddles , { Mrs. Stinnett 's dog } . ''
Official retirement took place at Fort Knox , on 17 October 1992 .
Officials believe this has left a gaping loophole that illegal drug businesses are exploiting .
Officials proposed a cut in the defense budget this year to 70.9 billion rubles ( US$ 114.3 billion ) from 77.3 billion rubles ( US$ 125 billion ) as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
Often , objects are so far away that they do not contribute significantly to the final image .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
On 1 July 1955 he was made an Officer of the Order of St John .
On 1 November 1945 he returned to the Metropolitan Police as Assistant Commissioner `` A '' , in charge of administration and uniformed policing .
On 12 December 1930 , the R-boat departed Pearl Harbor for the last time and steamed east to San Diego , California , whence she continued on through the Panama Canal , to New London .
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .
On 14 February 1961 , the Holy See ordered that the name of Saint Philomena be removed from all liturgical calendars that mentioned her .
On 14 March 2007 , a federal judge in the United States , Robert G. Doumar , ruled that the Sudanese government was liable for the bombing .
On 15 January 1999 , Senchuk was appointed as governor of the Lviv region ; for some time he combined two posts .
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .
On 16 November 2013 , he was elected president of the Union of European Federalists .
On 18 October , the 3rd Battalion of the 26th Infantry Regiment prepared to assault the Hotel Quellenhof , which was one of the last areas of resistance in the city .
On 19 March 2001 he was dismissed from the post of chairman of the state administration .
On 19 October 2010 , Tuqiri was officially named in the Australian squad for the Four Nations as a replacement for the injured Jarryd Hayne .
On 5 February 1344 at Ditton Church , Stoke Poges , Buckinghamshire , she married Richard FitzAlan , 10th Earl of Arundel .
On 5 July 2001 he also retired from the post of regional council chairman .
On April 13 , 1987 , the Iowa Terminal Railroad was sold to Dave Johnson and renamed to Iowa Traction Railroad .
On April 6 , 2006 , in his first fight after winning `` The Ultimate Fighter 2 '' , he was upset by Josh Neer at Ultimate Fight Night 4 , losing the fight by unanimous decision .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
On December 16 , 2013 , Offishall joined Universal Music Canada as Creative Executive Director of A&R .
On February 3 , 2004 , the approval of Republic Act no. 9237 established Mount Apo as a protected area under the category of natural park with an area of ; with two peripheral areas of and as buffer zones , provided for its management and for other purposes .
On January 18 , 2008 , the Botanic Gardens Conservation International stated that `` 400 medicinal plants are at risk of extinction , from over-collection and deforestation , threatening the discovery of future cures for disease . ''
On January 27 the same year , the south tower collapsed causing severe damage to surrounding buildings and killing eight people .
On January 29 , 2008 , he signed a minor league deal with the Houston Astros , who invited him to spring training .
On June 25 , 2012 , Circa launched the Violent Waves Pre-Order webpage , officially announcing the album 's title and release date , August 28 , 2012 , along with a new song titled `` Suitcase '' .
On March 16 , 2007 , the Upsilon Chapter at the University of Florida was officially recognized by the Beta Upsilon Chi national board .
On May 11 , 2012 the station changed the format and the slogan from `` West Nipissing 's Lite Favorite '' to `` Today 's Hits and Yesterday 's favorites '' .
On May 13 , 2010 , Yost was named manager of the Kansas City Royals , replacing Trey Hillman .
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .
On May 9 , 1936 , Mount Apo was declared a national park with Proclamation no. 59 by President Manuel L. Quezon , followed by Proclamation no. 35 of May 8 , 1966 then Proclamation no. 882 of September 24 , 1996 .
On November 2 , 2005 , Brown ended his contract early and left the federal government .
On October 14 , 2012 , Sidney Rice caught the game winning touchdown from a 46-yard pass from Russell Wilson to beat the New England Patriots 24-23 .
On October 8 , 2007 on `` Monday Night Football '' , he intercepted Tony Romo and returned it for a touchdown in his first NFL start .
On September 21 , 1955 , Moore went up in weight to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship .
On U.S. - Japan relations : `` I 'm encouraged .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
On a 394 - 21 roll call , the House adopted the underlying transportation measure .
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .
On a clear day visibility from the summit exceeds , and one can , in a single view , take in the entire caldera .
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost - busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house .
On another occasion , Graner and other soldiers tied a prisoner to a bed and sodomized him with a phosphoric light while another soldier took photographs .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
On many of the construction sites German prisoners of war were working together with Belarusian construction workers .
On one occasion the lamps went out and the water became icy cold .
On the first day of the 2014 U.S. Open , Rickie Fowler wore plus fours and argyle socks in tribute to Stewart .
On the idolatry that exists in Argentina , former teammate Jorge Valdano said : `` At the time that Maradona retired from active football , left traumatized Argentina .
On the official site 's forums , Seven Seas Entertainment staff has confirmed a concluding third volume will be published , most likely in the form of a collective omnibus to introduce new readers to the worlds of Last Hope .
On the other hand , 4th year Math courses such as Math 4-A and Math 4-B will be offered starting school year 2001-2002 .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
On the run , she develops a revolutionary new theory of quantum cognition , which she writes down in a little black book .
On the way through each level , the player can find numerous weapon upgrades and `` Metal Slug '' tanks .
On-screen lesbian sex , while typically aimed at a male audience , has developed a small lesbian audience as well , but still contrasts with gay male pornography , which is considered a genre of its own .
Once a busy and important river port the last industrial building on the riverside in Sudbury has been converted into the town 's only theatre , the Quay Theatre .
One candidate is a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron , with another wreck near Escanaba , Michigan , also proposed .
One example could be `` Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of `` Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .
One factor is the resource itself ; resources with definable boundaries can be preserved much more easily .
One group of middle - aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo was supposed to check out a trendy restaurant in the city .
One had best not dance on top of a coffin until the lid is sealed tightly shut . ''
One major difference between the two models is that the Photographic Model follows more of a step-by-step process in the development of flashbulb accounts , whereas the Comprehensive Model demonstrates an interconnected relationship between the variables .
One of its international specialists , Steve White , took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll 's hunt , ultimately tracing the hacker to West Germany .
One of the better units based at NAS Glenview in the post-WWII period was Attack Squadron 725 , part of NARTU Glenview until 1970 , when it was redesignated as Attack Squadron 209 and became part of Carrier Air Wing Reserve TWENTY from 1970 onward .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
One of the prisoners , Kasim Mehaddi Hilas , said that one day he asked Graner for the time so that he could pray .
One or two songs were remixed at a different studio after the Brooklyn Recording sessions .
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
One study , by Henry E. Adams , Lester W. Wright , Jr. , and Bethany A. Lohr , published in the Journal of Abnormal Psychology , found heterosexual men have the highest genital and subjective arousal to pornography depicting heterosexual activity , rather than lesbian activity .
One such adjustment includes the ability to switch which direction a running play will go without changing the formation .
One such was a young Protestant scholar called Samuel Ferguson who studied the language privately and discovered its poetry , which he began to translate .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward .
Only two tracks , `` Sydney Town '' and `` You Ca n't Run '' , have ever been released on a CD as of the date of this entry .
Only when one is ascending -- or in our case descending a tad trop rapidement -- does one feel , well , airborne in a picnic basket .
Opie and Anthony dubbed the man `` Homeless Charlie '' , who mentioned the possibility of raping Condoleezza Rice and Laura Bush .
Opponents of religious freedom sometimes referred to it as `` Rogue 's Island '' , and Cotton Mather called it `` the sewer of New England . ''
Opposition research also has its origins in military planning , as evident in such ancient texts as `` The Art of War '' , published in the 5th century B.C. by Sun Tzu .
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
Originally , Hank McCoy retains the basic features of a normal human alongside a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape .
Originally the three women , Amy Saunders , Lou Bennett and Sally Dastey combined their vocal talents as backing singers for Aboriginal band Djaambi , led by Saunder 's brother Richard Frankland in 1990 .
Orkem , France 's third - largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen - Probe .
Other Senators want to lower the down payments required on FHA - insured loans .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
Other constitutions from Austria-Hungary , Japan and Prussia were also studied , as was a draft constitution authored by the Union of Liberation , and published abroad .
Other critics have approved of the sobriquet , finding it evocative or in line with their own interpretation of the work .
Other events include : `` North Sea Jazz Festival '' , the largest Jazz festival in Europe , `` Bavaria City Race '' , a Formula 1 race inside the city center and a 3 day long maritime extravaganza called the `` World Port Days '' celebrating the Port of Rotterdam .
Other people that can be classified using this title include the Vice President and Cabinet secretaries .
Other prominent riders , including Jacques Anquetil , were at the front .
Other signs of lens subluxation include mild conjunctival redness , vitreous humour degeneration , prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber , and an increase or decrease of anterior chamber depth .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
Others have suggested she might have been anorexic while others attribute her poor health to an addiction to laudanum or a combination of ailments .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
Outdoor professionals usually prefer either synthetic fill , or natural fill , and they have debated the merits of these materials for years .
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
Overall , net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds , fell to $ 1.9 billion in September from $ 4.2 billion in August , the trade group said .
Overlooking Muskrat Lake the park occupies what is thought to be the spot where Champlain met the Native Chief Nibachis .
Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .
Owen and the French socialist Henri de Saint-Simon were the fathers of the utopian socialist movement ; they believed that the ills of industrial work relations could be removed by the establishment of small cooperative communities .
Oya 's close association with the passage from life into death also means she is one of the only Orisha who is venerated alongside the Egungun , whose cult is most often kept separate from that of the Orisha .
Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd. is a mining company incorporated in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .
Pan American Bank 's mission is to transform and empower Latino communities through banking relationships built on trust , service , respect , communication and guidance .
Panhandle Eastern Corp. said it applied , on behalf of two of its subsidiaries , to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permission to build a 352 - mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla. , to Independence , Miss .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Parental investment is any expenditure of resources to benefit one offspring .
Parents who suspect their child is eligible may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the district 's Special Education Department .
Parragon publishes over 2000 titles every year in over 25 languages .
Partially for those reasons , nuclear-armed cruise missiles are amongst the least deployed of all nuclear weapons , as their deployment is restricted by treaties such as SALT II .
Passenger services on the line were terminated on 31 December 1954 .
Passengers for or should change at Twyford during off peak .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
Pavone Canavese borders the following municipalities : Ivrea , Banchette , Samone , Colleretto Giacosa , Romano Canavese , Perosa Canavese , San Martino Canavese .
Peg continued in pictorial art beyond the 18th century , but the other figures associated with the original tableau dropped away .
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
People close to the GM - Jaguar talks agreed that Ford now may be able to shut out General Motors .
People familiar with Nekoosa said its board is n't likely to meet before the week after next to respond to the bid .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
Petersen 's book articulates a series of events that due to their likelihood to surprise and potential for impact might be considered ` Wildcards ' .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
Piffaro generally performs a concert series of four to five concerts a year in Philadelphia , in addition to touring throughout the United States , Canada , Europe and elsewhere .
Pitt spoke out against the Convention of El Pardo which aimed to settle the dispute peacefully .
Pitt was a leading advocate of a more hard-line policy against Spain , and often castigated Walpole 's government for its weakness in dealing with Madrid .
Pius XII responded to Madre Pascalina in the aftermath of the war by organizing a two tier papal charity .
Placing the stones in the Suva shrine , the stones activated and transformed the six into new Toa Metru .
Plans to artificially oxygenate areas of the Baltic that have experienced eutrophication have been proposed by the University of Gothenburg and Inocean AB .
Plant communities include creosote and sagebrush at lower altitudes , and bristlecone pine forests at higher .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Plants have been planted marking parts of the foundations of the castle , so the positions of some of the buildings can still be inferred .
Political lobbying by California Senator Arthur Jellison eventually gets a joint Apollo-Soyuz mission into space to study the comet , dubbed `` The Hammer '' by popular media , which is expected to pass close to the Earth .
Poor and Tribal children are getting to learn English and Computers through roleplay .
Popovic holds the status of visiting Scholar at Harriman Institute , one of the most prestigious graduate schools of public policy in the world School of International and Public Affairs at Columbia University .
Porter claimed that a company must only choose one of the three or risk that the business would waste precious resources .
Porter wrote in 1980 that strategy target either cost leadership , differentiation , or focus .
Positive displacement compressors are currently the most efficient type of compressor , and have the largest refrigerating effect per single unit .
Positive displacement compressors are of four main types : screw compressor , rolling piston compressor , reciprocating compressor , and rotary compressor .
Poulidor said his indifference to the controls and the strike harmed his relations with fellow riders .
Premark International Inc. , for example , peddles the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator , a $ 2,000 stationary cycle .
Preparation is traditionally described as collection of the residue from meat roasts but modern production is from such residue added to boiling water with a generous amount of salt .
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home .
President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non - Communist government 's economic changes .
President Park refused to negotiate seriously with either General Bonesteel or Ambassador William J. Porter .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .
Prior to the 2012 season , the Royals signed Yost to a contract extension through the 2013 season .
Prior to the Playmaker tool , the Player could only call one of four available `` hot routes . ''
Prior to the war , he was a lawyer , public official , and politician in Hillsborough , North Carolina , and was heavily involved in opposing the Regulator movement , an uprising of settlers in the North Carolina piedmont between 1765 and 1771 .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .
Produced in Australia , it starred the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team '' - Dannii Minogue , Vince Del Tito , Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall , and a new member , black teenager Keith Williams , who was imported from Los Angeles .
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per - share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence .
Programs needed to be loaded by an operator ; the processor could not boot itself .
Proliferative nodules are usually biopsied and are regularly but not systematically found to be benign .
Proponents of the above laws maintain that these laws are necessary for the control and monitoring of dangerous individuals that live among the general populace .
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Punjabi women wear a suit and salwar with chunni .
Pursuant to his mandate and powers conferred upon him , strictly speaking in the texts of the State of Cameroon , Mbida formed a new government and Ramadier refused to ratify the government reshuffle .
Pursuit of the routed enemy to the French border was halted on 2 May upon the German surrender in Italy .
QVC Network Inc. said it completed its acquisition of CVN Cos. for about $ 423 million .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Quill pens were used to write the vast majority of medieval manuscripts , the Magna Carta and the Declaration of Independence .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software .
RU-486 is being administered in France only under strict supervision in the presence of a doctor .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that RU-486 can cause birth defects , Lancet , the British medical journal , reported in 1987 .
Rather than raising new infantry regiments , the senior regiments of foot were each ordered to raise a second battalion , with the existing regiment being redesignated as the 1st Battalion .
Realizing that they need Michael , the family asks him to come back and run the company , which Michael scoffs at until he sees how much the family means to his teenaged son George Michael .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
Recently , OnStar has changed its terms and conditions to allow sale of vehicle location and speeds to interested third parties including law enforcement agencies , which has been criticized in the comp.risks forum .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
Recipients decode it and use the bit error rate to calculate and store a tuple .
RedHat engineers identified problems with ProPolice though , and in 2005 re-implemented stack-smashing protection for inclusion in GCC 4.1 .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Regulations meant that the original sixth lap would be deleted and the race would be restarted from the beginning of said lap .
Relegated from their first season , they return the following year as Yorkshire League Division Two Champions .
Remnant Micronesia and the Marshall Islands , the heirs of the last territories of the Trust , attained final independence on 22 December 1990 . .
Removal of the lens before it completely luxates into the anterior chamber may prevent secondary glaucoma .
Repeat customers also can purchase luxury items at reduced prices .
Reprise can refer to a version of a song which is similar to , yet different from , the song on which it is based .
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four-toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Research also shows that children develop explicit understanding at age 5 and as a result , the child will count the sweets to decide which has more .
Results like these indicate acoustic mimicry complexes , both Batesian and Mullerian , may be widespread in the auditory world .
Returning home , Ballard delivers her report , which her superiors refuse to believe .
Returning to his room to find Diego 's body on the floor , Gerard is taken in by the police as a murder suspect , but a waiter verifies he was with Senora Camargo at the time .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Reviewers raised the question of how important the definition , or lack thereof , was to understanding the anthology as a whole and the stories individually .
Rice allelopathy depends on variety and origin : Japonica rice is more allelopathic than Indica and Japonica-Indica hybrid .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Riders also criticised Poulidor for accepting to be tested .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Robert Charles `` Jack '' Russell , MBE , is a retired English international cricketer , now known for his abilities as an artist , as a cricket wicketkeeping coach , and a football goalkeeping coach .
Robert Hammond then wrote to Oliver Cromwell asking for leniency for Love .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
Robin soon realizes that his feelings for Stephanie have grown into something more , and , after breaking up with Ariana , he begins dating Stephanie .
Rockwell and NASA thus retroactively re-designated the MPTA as MPTA-098 , though it was never christened with a name .
Roger M. Marino , president , was named to the new post of vice chairman .
Rolls - Royce Motor Cars Inc. said it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990 .
Rosen argues that one of the most important provisions of the Constitution in Exile is limitations on the interstate commerce clause , which were undermined by the Supreme Court 's `` expansive interpretation of Congress 's power to regulate interstate commerce ... extended to include any activities that might affect commerce indirectly '' during the New Deal .
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager .
SEC Network is a digital cable and satellite television network that launched on August 14 , 2014 , focusing on coverage of sporting events sanctioned by the Southeastern Conference .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
SGA representation from each class shall be as follows : President , Vice-President , Five Representatives .
SKILLED WORKERS aplenty are available to cope with earthquake damage .
STV-8 was split from the network in 1990 when the station joined the then - `` VIC Television '' network .
Salomon Brothers says , `` We believe the real estate properties would trade at a discount ... after the realty unit is spun off ... .
Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .
Same-sex couples headed 63 households in 2010 , an increase from the 58 counted in 2000 .
Sample Surveys Division oversees , planning design , operations , statistical analysis reporting , and dissemination of data from sample surveys at all levels of education , including early childhood and adult , and international data .
San Francisco 's diversity of cultures along with its eccentricities are so great that they have greatly influenced the country and the world at large over the years .
Sanford emphasizes the variety available in their curriculum , allowing each student to discover their own strengths and weaknesses and to construct a rigorous course load to accommodate such .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in `` Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .
Schulenburg ISD has made substantial strides in the expansion of technology to support its educational and administrative missions .
Schultes , in both his life and his work , has directly influenced notable people as diverse as biologist E.O. Wilson , physician Andrew Weil , psychologist Daniel Goleman , poet Allen Ginsberg , ethnobotanist , conservationist and author Mark J. Plotkin , and authors Alejo Carpentier and William S. Burroughs .
Scientists investigating these survivors discover that each had abnormal blood pH. One , a baby , had respiratory alkalosis due to constant crying ; the other , an old man , drinks Sterno .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Second , the dollar is showing persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy shown by economic indicators .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
Seifert suggested a quarterback draw , which Beuerlein initially did n't believe and literally had backup QB Steve Bono laughing .
Self-knowledge is linked to the cognitive self in that its motives guide our search to gain greater clarity and assurance that our own self-concept is an accurate representation of our `` true self '' ; for this reason the cognitive self is also referred to as the `` known self '' .
Semyon Alekseyevich Lavochkin , a Soviet aerospace engineer , Soviet aircraft designer who founded the Lavochkin aircraft design bureau .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions .
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House .
Senator Sweeney also co-sponsored the law providing health benefits to New Jersey National Guard members who serve for 30 days or more on state active duty .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Separate berthings and heads are found on sailboats over about .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
Separately , Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said they are recalling about 88,500 1988 - model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6 - liter fuel - injected engines to replace the oil filler cap .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
September was the 10th consecutive month in which steel exports failed to reach the year - earlier level .
Set in an alternate near-future Japan , the protagonist of the story , a young woman codenamed `` Kabuki '' , acts as an agent and television law-enforcement personality for a clandestine government body known as `` The Noh '' .
Several events take place in Baldock throughout the year .
Several individual customers filed suit against the company as well .
Several isomers of octene are known , depending on the position and the geometry of the double bond in the carbon chain .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Several years later the remaining trackage at Charles City was abandoned .
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 .
She began her film career in 1947 in the film `` A New Oath '' .
She died in October 1915 of a heart attack .
She had three sons with him : Alain , Marc Y.C. and Jean-Luc Latrique .
She is the mother of all , and the yoked lions that draw her chariot show the offspring 's duty of obedience to the parent .
She is the sister of Australian writer and scholar Niall Lucy , who passed away on the 5th June 2014 .
She provided an audio commentary for the episode on the DVD release of the show 's third series alongside David Tennant .
She published more than 15 research publications , including International Journals , International Conferences , National Conferences , workshops and seminars .
She received her Master Degree in the field of Controls , Guidance and Instrumentation from I.I.T Madras and Ph.d degree from the department of Aerospace engineering .
She resigns after the events of `` The Last Precinct '' and relocates to Florida to become a private forensic consultant .
She returned to that Thames River base 9 February 1931 and for the remainder of the decade served as a training ship primarily for the Submarine School at New London and occasionally for NROTC units in the southern New England area .
She returns to stop Paul 's rampage , only to find that Invincible came first , and refusing to hear her pleas , wants to put Paul in jail .
She was more commonly known by her nickname , `` The Apple '' , and died at 107 at a New Milton , Hampshire , England nursing home .
She was ordered to be rebuilt on 9 March 1724 , and was taken in hand at Deptford Dockyard by Master Shipwright Richard Stacey .
Shea was born on September 5 , 1900 in San Francisco , California .
Shrimp and crab are higher valued cash crops , and can be a less affordable option for larger groups .
Shunting locomotives took trains from The Waterloo Good Station to the cutting to be hitched onto the cable .
Shurkin sets out with the Sheriff to find the crocodile , while Lester is seen to be feeding the crocodile , but is eventually devoured himself .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
Sidley will maintain its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo .
Sikorsky and Boeing say that factors outside their control , like budget cuts , `` requirement creep , '' and a long development period caused problems with the Comanche and not team dysfunctionality .
Similar studies are expected to reveal how stroke patients ' brains regroup -- a first step toward finding ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Since Muslims believe only in the worship of a strictly monotheistic God who never assumed human flesh , they do not accept the use of icons , and see this as shirk .
Since joining the competition in 1908 , Richmond has won ten premierships , the most recent victory being in 1980 .
Since many of the rebbes of the Nadvorna Dynasty married relatives , many of the rebbes in this list are sons-in-law of other rebbes on the list .
Since the real estate unit also includes debt , the imputed value of the real estate itself is close to $ 3 billion .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Since the required return on government bonds for domestic and foreign holders can not be distinguished in an international market for government debt , this may mean that yields on government debt are not a good proxy for the risk free rate .
Since there was nothing objectionable in it , most likely it was somehow lost by Bentley 's printer when the `` Etymology '' and `` Extracts '' were moved .
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges .
Sligo town then became an incorporated municipal borough with a Royal Charter issued by the British King James I in 1613/14 .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
So far , Nissan 's new - model successes are mostly specialized vehicles with limited sales potential .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
Some 1,191 Lebanese and 160 Israelis were killed in the conflict .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined .
Some arrived as students and tourists whilst others left the island due to the harsh economic and political life during the British colony of Cyprus .
Some claim that like the Chalcedonian Creed adopted by later trinitarians , he here makes no mention of the Holy Spirit because his attention is focused on demonstrating the humanity and divinity of Jesus Christ .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Some have been training for months ; others only recently left active status .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Some of the rare species that inhabit the Valdivian Coastal Range include the Pudu , the Degu , the Marine Otter , and the Monito del Monte , or mountain monkey .
Some potential prey are unpalatable to bats however , and produce an ultrasonic aposematic signal , the auditory equivalent of warning coloration .
Some researchers recognized that previous studies of flashbulb memories are limited by the reliance on small sample groups of few nationalities , thus limiting the comparison of memory consistency across different variables .
Some women of the Hindu and Muslim Seraiki people still wear ghaggra .
Sometimes , differences in skin color within the same family made joining the same Cuban club impossible .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Sometimes , if you have a headache , you can go out and walk it right off . ''
Sometimes extra payments were specified by which a freed slave could liberate himself from these residual duties .
Sometimes officials request that they be identified using other titles to prevent anybody from determining their true identity .
Son of Spencer H. Kim , an aerospace company executive and internationalist , Kim and his wife , Kati , owned two retail stores in San Francisco .
Soon afterwards , Davis switched to the major Columbia record label and recorded seven albums over the next five years with producer Leo Graham and arranger James Mack who had collaborated with him for `` Turning Point '' .
South of downtown Tarboro , the U.S. Highway has a partial cloverleaf interchange with the US 64 freeway and Western Boulevard , which features US 64 Alternate , NC 111 , and NC 122 .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard - line Polish communist in exile directs the human - rights and peace division .
Specifically , knowledge and interest in the event affects the level of personal importance for the individual , which also affects the individual 's level of emotional arousal .
Spennymoor Town F.C. are the main local football team and won the FA Carlsberg Vase , after winning 2-1 in the final at Wembley Stadium against Tunbridge Wells in May 2013 .
Spielberger was formerly Chairman of the Psychology Department at the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida and in 2012 belonged to a think tank there .
St Buryan has a long history of religious activity both through its historical connection with the church of the state , and later playing an important part in the Methodist revival of the 18th century , led by John Wesley who visited the parish and ministered on several occasions .
St John appears to have got into trouble with the court in connection with a seditious publication , and to have associated himself with the future popular leaders John Pym and Lord Saye .
Staff were only informed of the decision to cease broadcasting 24 hours earlier at 5pm on the evening of 23 December .
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to
Standing in contrast to Descartes 's scientific reductionism and philosophical analysis , it proposes to view systems in a holistic manner .
Starting in 2009 , Akita began experiencing a huge surge in Korean tourism after the airing of the popular drama Iris , which featured several scenes shot in Akita , most notably at Lake Tazawa and Oga 's GAO Aquarium .
Starting on 1 March 1919 , an anti-Japanese demonstration continued to spread , and as the Japanese national and military police could not contain the crowds , the army and even the navy were also called in .
State - owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .
State Senator J.E. `` Buster '' Brown , a Republican who is running for Texas attorney general , introduced the bill .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
Status-wise , the bordar or cottager ranked below a serf in the social hierarchy of a manor , holding a cottage , garden and just enough land to feed a family .
Stephen McCartin , Mr. Hunt 's attorney , said his client welcomed the gamble .
Still , Gerard is given 48 hours to leave the country .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
Still in corps command , he fought in the Battle of the Pyrenees .
Still not eighteen , he briefly attended the University of Idaho in Moscow in north Idaho , then entered the Army Air Forces in 1945 and was in basic training during V-J Day in August .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
Stock prices rallied as the Georgia - Pacific bid broke the market 's recent gloom .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade .
Student job postings at Boston University slip 10 % this year following a 10 % drop in 1988 .
Studies have indicated that male circumcision contributes to the development of urethral stricture .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
Such commissioners are found in Corsica as early as 1553 , in Bourges in 1592 , in Troyes in 1594 , and in Limoges in 1596 .
Such options include CS gas , Taser , ASP and plastic bullets .
Sukhum functioned as the capital of the `` Union treaty '' Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic associated with the Georgian SSR from 1921 until 1931 , when it became the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Georgian SSR .
Summis desiderantes affectibus was a papal bull issued by Pope Innocent VIII on December 5 , 1484 .
Superboy-Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now-weakened Anti-Monitor , flew through the Anti-Monitor 's chest and hurled his shattered body into space .
Superconductivity in charge-transfer complexes was first reported in the Bechgaard salt 2PF6 in 1980 .
Surveys on vocational and technical education are also included in this division .
Swiftly shifting positions as only sea based power can , the fleet then sped south to provide support for the landings on Iwo Jima , begun 19 February .
Swinburne has attempted to reassert classical Christian beliefs with an apologetic method that he believes is compatible with contemporary science .
Swinburne moves in his writing program from the philosophical to the theological , building his case rigorously .
Swinburne relies on his previous arguments as he defends particular Christian beliefs .
Syncronys settled with the FTC and the suing customers in 1996 .
T. Marshall Hahn Jr. , Georgia - Pacific 's chairman and chief executive , said in an interview that all terms of the offer are negotiable .
THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one - third of a hospital 's budget ; a head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees and $ 8 million .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .
Tanks are used to store fuel , engine oil , and fresh water .
Team Racing is a NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series team .
Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell - off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
Telecoms provider customers who have problems can not directly contact Openreach and have to go indirectly through their reseller .
TenFold Corporation is a provider of EnterpriseTenFold SOA , an SOA-compliant , Ajax-enabled solutions framework for adding functionality to existing applications and building enterprise-scale applications .
Terms call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares .
Test & official start of the TVN24 HD started on 30 November 2012 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
That amounts to more than $ 350 billion a year .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
That compared with an operating loss of $ 1.9 million on sales of $ 27.4 million in the year - earlier period .
That compares with 3.5 % butterfat for whole milk .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
That method relies heavily on inductive logic , seeking to show that his Christian beliefs fit best with the evidence .
That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to reinforce the hotel and defeat several attacks on the building .
That same year saw an outbreak of plague in Venice , one that lasted two years and caused Franco to leave the city and to lose many of her possessions .
That sponsorship ended in 1991 , and the event is now known as the Zurich Classic of New Orleans .
That would be a formula for ensuring even more FHA red ink .
The $ 150 million in senior subordinated floating - rate notes were targeted to be offered at a price to float four percentage points above the three - month LIBOR .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
The 10.48 % yield represents a spread to the 20 - year Treasury of 2.45 percentage points .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The 18th century also saw the Welsh Methodist revival , led by Daniel Rowland , Howell Harris and William Williams Pantycelyn .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
The 1992 ship 's two suites are called Royal Suite and Presidential Suite .
The 2005 `` Devils & Dust '' album used scatterings of Federici , Scialfa , and Tyrell , while the 2006 Sessions Band Tour used Scialfa and Tyrell among the largely numbered backing musicians .
The 2005 model introduced a third row of seats to the Pathfinder line for the first time .
The 2006 Dublin Senior Football Championship was an edition of an annual Gaelic football competition organized by the Dublin County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association in Ireland .
The 2008 concert of Classic Rock band Bad Company at the venue was recorded for a 2010 release on CD and DVD .
The 2012 model year U.S. version has minor improvements and its updated EPA fuel economy rating is : City , Highway , Combined .
The 2nd Battalion of the 13th Light Infantry was raised at Winchester in January 1858 .
The 41 - year - old Mr. Azoff , a former rock 'n' roll manager , is credited with turning around MCA 's once - moribund music division in his six years at the company .
The APL has often been used by plaintiffs asserting that local governments have illegally taken land or imposed taxes .
The Abbey School offers education for girls aged 3 to 18 .
The Academy offered classes that taught the German language and literature , as well as English .
The Acrolepiidae family of moths are also known as False Diamondback moths .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
The Alarm are an alternative rock/new wave band that formed in Rhyl , North Wales , in 1981 .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
The Anti-Monitor began to siphon the positive matter of New York City to create his Antimatter waves .
The Anti-Monitor was able to counter the vicious attack , permanently scarring the face of Scar .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
The Aura spacecraft has a mass of about 1,765 kg .
The Bears would have to wait until 2000 to play another international , when they played France in the lead-up to the 2000 Rugby League World Cup .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The Bourbons built additional reception rooms and reconstructed the Sala d'Ercole , named for its frescos depicted the mythological hero , Hercules .
The British Army had been shown to be overstretched by the Crimean War , while the mutiny in India had led to the responsibility for providing a garrison in the subcontinent from the Honourable East India Company to the Crown forces .
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
The Brumbies hosted the 2004 Super 12 Final as well , and were to face the Crusaders once again .
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
The Burner Plan , formally entitled `` A Responsible Plan to End the War in Iraq '' , was a 36-page policy paper presented 17 March 2008 by Darcy Burner and other 2008 Democratic congressional candidates , in cooperation with some retired national security officials .
The CCD image sensors can be implemented in several different architectures .
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .
The Care Bears appeared in the 2007 St.Patrick 's Day Parade in Chicago , where , as grand marshal , Good Luck Bear ceremoneously dyed the Chicago River green from a motorboat .
The Cathedral and the belfry were thoroughly renovated from 2006 to 2008 .
The Chapters of Bremen Cathedral and part of the administration were located within the city boundary in a district of immunity and extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter , where the city council would refrain to interfere .
The Charles City Division was dieselized after a tornado destroyed much of the overhead wire on May 15 , 1968 .
The Charles City equipment was transferred to Mason City to replace equipment burned in the November 24 , 1967 shop fire .
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls .
The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement .
The Commissioner of Parks and Public Property heads one of the departments in those local governments in New Jersey that operate under the Walsh Act form of municipal governance .
The Crybaby is the twelfth album by Melvins , released in 2000 through Ipecac Recordings , and the last part of a trilogy : `` The Maggot , '' `` The Bootlicker '' and `` The Crybaby . ''
The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net - profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
The Department has been accredited by the N.B.A. Dr. M. Meenakshi heads the department .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
The EMEA region is supported by offices in Paris and Milan , while Kroll 's office in Dubai provides risk consultancy services in the Gulf .
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .
The Federal Trade Commission began an investigation in late 1995 .
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
The Flying Saucers did not survive the transition to New Tomorrowland .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Hamburg Concathedral with chapterhouse and capitular residential courts formed a `` Cathedral Immunity District '' of the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen too .
The Harford County Public Schools system is the public school system serving the residents of Harford County .
The Hartford Fire Department operates out of 12 Fire Stations , which are located throughout the city .
The Harvard Library Board is composed of six permanent members and five rotating members who serve three years each , with their initial terms staggered .
The Heart of a Monkey is a Swahili fairy tale collected by Edward Steere in `` Swahili Tales '' .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
The IRS already is doing intensive TCMP audits of 19,000 returns for 1987 and fiscal 1988 filed by corporations with under $ 10 million in assets ... .
The IRS has been seeking more than $ 300 million in back taxes from Mr. Hunt .
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .
The Interdepartmental Program for Film Studies has been organizing the Massachusetts Multicultural Film Festival on campus since 1991 .
The Israeli controlled sector was captured by Israel in the Six-Day War of June 1967 .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
The Kingdom of Samaria contained the remaining ten tribes , but following Samaria 's conquest by Assyria , these were allegedly dispersed and lost to history , and henceforth known as the Ten Lost Tribes .
The L16S was an engine that was used in the 910 bluebird Sedan .
The LPP contested a total of 31 ridings under the leadership of Leslie Morris who was defeated in the Toronto riding of Bracondale .
The League of Assassins was founded by Ra 's al Ghul to be `` the fang that protects the head '' .
The Leopard 2 has a torsion bar suspension , and has advanced friction dampers .
The Library Board is charged with reviewing the strategic plans of the Harvard Library and assessing its progress in meeting those plans , reviewing system-wide policies and standards and overseeing the progress of the central services .
The Lletty Shenkin explosion of 1849 , in particular , led to demands the local middle classes in Aberdare , for improved safety in the mines .
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
The Main Street Tunnel , located in Welland , Ontario , Canada , is an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The Minton 's recordings were long rumored to feature `` Dizzy '' Gillespie and Thelonious Monk , but that has since been proven untrue , although both were regulars at the jam sessions , with Monk a regular in the Minton 's house band .
The Mission Statement of the school district is as follows : `` Whitney ISD believes that all students are able to learn when given adequate time and appropriate support .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
The Nadvorna dynasty is notable inasmuch as many of its descendants become rebbes .
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss and an invited audience could hear the work performed .
The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company added that it does n't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring .
The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
The Northern Rivers has its own orchestra based in Murwillumbah the Northern Rivers Symphony Orchestra as well as the Lismore Symphony Orchestra .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
The Original Celtics are often credited with extending the reach of basketball across America and for establishing the importance of aggressive defensive play .
The Original Celtics were a barnstorming professional basketball team in the 1920s .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The PAC bulletins were widely distributed at these meetings .
The Pacific Plate , to the west of the fault , is moving in a northwest direction while the North American Plate to the east is moving relatively southeast under the influence of plate tectonics .
The Packers had not lost at Lambeau Field in December since the 1993 season , and the 5-7 Panthers desperately needed a win to keep their playoff hopes alive .
The Persian contingent that was supposed to guard the defile soon abandoned it , and Alexander passed through without any problems .
The Portuguese steak , `` bife '' , is a slice of fried beef or pork served in a wine-based sauce with fried potatoes , rice , or salad .
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .
The RIAA lists it as one of the Best Selling Albums of All Time .
The RSNO 's base is at Henry Wood Hall in Glasgow and is also used as its recording venue ; a new base is being constructed within the Royal Concert Hall , Buchanan Street .
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .
The RTC will have to sell or merge hundreds of insolvent thrifts over the next three years .
The Red Army and the local revolutionaries took the city from the Georgian forces on 4 March 1921 , and declared Soviet rule .
The Red Wings and Canadiens faced off in four Stanley Cup finals during the 1950s .
The Republic of Palau , split off from the Federated States of Micronesia , became the last to get its independence effectively on 1 October 1994 .
The Rev. William Alfred Quayle was honored by his alma mater , Baker University , with the degrees Litt.D .
The River Stour Trust , formed in 1968 , has its headquarters in Sudbury , and a purpose built Visitor Centre located at Cornard Lock .
The Romans called such fear of the gods `` superstitio '' .
The SAS killed a total of 14 Provisional Irish Republican Army and Irish National Liberation Army members at these locations .
The SEC would likely be amenable to legislation that required insiders to file transactions on a more timely basis , he said .
The Salvation Army does not have bishops but have appointed leaders of geographical areas known as Divisional Commanders .
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 .
The Security Wing is responsible for a range of security-related matters including VIP protection , counter-terrorism and security co-ordination .
The Selwyn District as a unit of government was formed in 1989 from a legislated merger of the Malvern and Ellesmere counties , along with a portion of Paparua County .
The Shi'a praise Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr for his devotion to ` Ali and his resistance to all the other caliphs who the Shi'a believe to be usurpers .
The Smith-Waterman option provides better accuracy , in that it finds matches that BLAST can not , because it does not miss any information .
The Somerset & Dorset Railway Heritage Trust one day hopes to operate steam trains for a mile up to Chilcompton Tunnel but there remains much to do before this can happen .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
The South Quarter of the old city mainly includes the historic covered market and the Canal Cornillon , built during the Middle Ages , in the year 1235 .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
The Soviets complicated the issue by offering to include light tanks , which are as light as 10 tons .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The State Chancellory prepared a draft , which was discussed during five sessions of the Council of Ministers , where alterations were made to further strengthen the emperor 's prerogatives at the expense of the new parliament .
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .
The Suebic Semnones and Langobardi rebelled against their king and went over to the Cherusci .
The Summer Programs Office runs these programs , and many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students attend camp or classes over the summer .
The Sunday schools which became an important feature of Welsh life made a large part of the population literate in Welsh , which was important for the survival of the language as it was not taught in the schools .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The Treasury bills sold yesterday settle today , rather than the standard settlement day of Thursday .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
The Triple-A Baseball National Championship Game was established in 2006 .
The Tsar chose to accept the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov , Deputy State Secretary of the State Chancellory , as the basis for the new constitution .
The Turkish language belongs to the Oghuz subfamily of Turkic .
The U.S. Highway intersects NC 124 in Crisp and NC 42 and NC 43 east of Pinetops , then parallels the Tar River to Tarboro .
The U.S. market , too , is dominated by a giant , International Business Machines Corp .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
The Undergraduate Admissions Office was transferred from the St. La Salle Hall in July 2006 and is now located on the ground floor of the Gonzalez Hall .
The United States High Commissioner for Germany and his staff occupied the building from 1949 to 1952 .
The University of Florida however , refused to recognize BYX .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
The Venezuelan government declined to appeal the case any further , and in November 1987 Bosch was freed .
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .
The Victoria and Waterloo tunnels were cleared of debris and reflectors placed on the roof after a survey of the tunnels .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
The Warrens believed that the cemetery was haunted by a `` white lady '' ghost .
The Wellesley , Mass. , maker of scientific instruments and electronic parts said Berthold expects 1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks ( $ 54.5 million ) and employs about 400 people .
The Wilbur Cross Highway formerly ended in Sturbridge ; locals sometimes call Haynes Street and portions of Mashapaug Road `` Old Route 15 '' .
The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and `` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in 1873 .
The `` natmandira '' , the spacious congregational hall attached to the `` sanctum '' , resembles a church .
The `` power cepstrum '' was defined in a 1963 paper by Bogert et al. .
The airfield hosted an internationally recognised Air Show for several years .
The airfield provides access to the area for emergency services .
The airport 's first international service was to nearby Busan , South Korea , beginning in 1965 .
The album , produced by Roy Thomas Baker , was promoted with American and European tours .
The album `` Big City '' was produced by some of the best producers in the American music industry such as Kovas , J Que , Tricky Stewart and Laney Stewart , The CornaBoyz , Pale Face , Desmond Child and Stargate .
The album featured Shy 's biggest hit , `` Break Down The Walls '' , co-written with Don Dokken .
The album is named after the discredited pseudoscience of phrenology , the study of head shapes to determine intelligence and character , which was used to rationalize racism during the 19th century in the United States .
The album reached Britain 's top 75 , with `` Metal Hammer '' magazine being appreciative .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
The announcement effectively removes the British government as an impediment to a takeover of the company , which is being stalked by General Motors and Ford .
The anthology raised several questions and started many debates on the nature of interstitiality as applied to fiction .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
The arc ends with Carl riding the Deep Crow , in an homage to the film The Neverending Story .
The arena hosts shows in music and comedy , sporting events including world championship boxing , tennis , basketball and rodeo events , and corporate meetings , celebrity charity fundraisers and exhibitions .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
The balikbayan box is a modern manifestation of the general Philippine practice of `` pasalubong '' , where travellers within or without the country are culturally expected to bring home gifts to family , friends and colleagues .
The band 's 1987 album , `` Excess All Areas '' , was recorded in the Netherlands with producer Neil Kernon .
The band also confirmed that the album would be self-released .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
The basket product , while it has got off to a slow start , is being supported by some big brokerage firms -- another member of Mr. Phelan 's splintered constituency .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
The body was made largely of lightweight carbon fiber and Kevlar , known for its strength , and lightness .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
The brew , called Miller Sharp 's , will be supported by ads developed by Frankenberry , Laughlin & Constable , Milwaukee .
The brightest star in Serpens , Alpha Serpentis , or Unukalhai , is a red giant of spectral type K2III located approximately away which marks the snake 's heart .
The brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its Technology Index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year .
The building has nine floors with classrooms of different sizes : lecture rooms with the capacity to hold 120 students , regular classrooms that can hold at most 45 students , and small classrooms for 25 students .
The buyers , these analysts added , could be either foreign or other U.S. concerns .
The campaign , a patriotic celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights , does n't mention cigarettes or smoking ; cigarette ads have been prohibited on television since 1971 .
The campaign , which started last week and runs through Nov. 23 , with funds earmarked for both the quake and Hugo , `` was Barry 's idea , '' a spokeswoman says .
The canal was dammed off from the river for most of the construction period .
The canopy itself was made of Plexiglas and each compartment had its own `` sliding hood '' for the two crew members .
The canopy was split into two sections and joined by a strong welded steel frame .
The car used in `` Stealth '' was a band member 's car , and recorded just outside the studio in the parking lot .
The car was based around a Rodeck resleevable , modified Chevrolet 350 ci V8 racing engine coupled to a custom three-speed transmission .
The carpenter matched the wooden parts together like a pieces of a puzzle .
The cathedral today has five organs in different parts of the cathedral and continues the long tradition of great organs and organists .
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
The championship was at the Pinehurst Resort where Stewart won his last major championship only a few months before his death .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
The circular portion of the entrance is an intermingling of Ajanta style with Hindu architecture and within it , placing the emblem of the Order is representation of beauty and solemnity .
The city 's population boomed , 5 boroughs were formed , the New York City Subway was opened and became a symbol of progress and innovation .
The city has milder winters than either Regina or Winnipeg , both further south of Edmonton in latitude .
The city is served by two long-distance bus stations : Jiaxing North Bus Station and the new Jiaxing Transportation Center .
The city of Hartford is protected by 395 professional firefighters of the city of Hartford Fire Department .
The city saw construction of skyscrapers in the skyline .
The city was founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880 , and originally named Nordland , with the platted streets given Norwegian names .
The city was renamed a few years later , and in 1885 given the name of Arlington , after the colonial center in Virginia .
The clause was part of an agreement in which pilots accepted a substantial pay cut as long as no other labor group got a raise .
The closest Watson ever got was when Republicans had 12 seats in the State House in 2003 .
The cockpit was protected from the engine by a firewall ahead of the wing center section where the fuel tanks were located .
The cognitive self is made up of everything we know .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The collection also includes recordings made at Clark Monroe 's Uptown House , another late-night jazz haunt in the Harlem of 1941 that include Oran `` Hot Lips '' Page .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
The community is served by the United States Postal Service Hinsdale Post Office .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The company has $ 1 billion in debt filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The company is expected to spend about $ 30 million a year on its two - year corporate campaign , created by WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather unit in New York .
The company owns and operates Chromite and Magnesite mines in Balochistan Province .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
The company said the fastener business `` has been under severe cost pressures for some time . ''
The comprehensive model was born out of similar experimentation as Brown and Kulik 's , but with a larger participant sample .
The computer can process 13.3 million calculations called floating - point operations every second .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
The concourse features both a newsagents style shop and a cafe .
The conflict was officially ended by the UNSC Resolution 1701 on 14 August 2006 , which ordered a ceasefire .
The conservation area also encompasses the commercial core of Ladywell along Ladywell Road , known as Ladywell Village , which contains some of the oldest houses and pubs of the area and Edwardian shops that were constructed at the turn of the century in response to the rapidly increasing community around them .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 .
The core weapon system for CNC AFOs is the Heckler & Koch G36 , as well as this all officers are equipped with Glock 17 sidearms .
The county is named for the Marquis de Lafayette , who came to America to join the rebelling English colonies in the American Revolutionary War .
The creek then receives the tributary Wolf Run and immediately afterwards empties into the West Branch Susquehanna River .
The crocodile returns , and ultimately Sunny is eaten .
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .
The data obtained from trials of `` M-401 '' formed a basis for the design of the Project 615 `` Quebec '' - class .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
The debt ceiling is scheduled to fall to $ 2.8 trillion from $ 2.87 trillion at midnight tonight .
The defile was very narrow , and could have been easily defended .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The department came under grant-in-aid scheme of Government of Karnataka in 1992 .
The dialects they speak are similar but have different intonations .
The diocese was originally erected as the Prefecture Apostolic of Hpyeng-yang on 17 March 1927 , and renamed as the Prefecture Apostolic of Peng-yang on 17 March 1929 .
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
The distinction between Primary and Secondary groups serves to identify between two orders of social organisation through analysis of the group relationships and their nature .
The district also provides recreation and leisure services to many non-residents of the area on a fee basis .
The district was abolished in 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972 .
The district was created in 1985 by the consolidation of the Delmar and West Lamar School Districts and adopted its present name in 1986 .
The districts of Mozambique are divided into 405 `` postos '' .
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .
The division maintained defensive positions until the offensive of 23 May , when it broke out of the beachhead , took Cisterna , and raced to Civitavecchia and Rome .
The doctor , Erasistratus , suspects love is behind Antiochus 's suffering .
The doctor subtly reveals the truth to the king who is content to relinquish Stratonice to Antiochus to save his son 's life and happiness .
The dollar drew strength from the stock market 's climb .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
The drop marked the largest monthly tumble since a 19 % slide in January 1982 .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
The dynastic rule of Wodeyars thereafter ended only with the establishment of democracy in free India .
The economy of Ostrov is based on food , electronic , and textile industries .
The economy of the early village was based on fishing and ship building .
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
The enantioselectivity of this reaction is important because only the S enantiomer is medicinally desirable , whereas the R enantiomer produces harmful health effects .
The engine had twin turbochargers , and produced an advertised at 5700 rpm and of torque on 8 lbs of boost .
The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label .
The essay influenced Panter 's friend Matt Groening , who later went on to become the creator of `` The Simpsons '' .
The establishment of a museum had first been planned in 1821 by the Philosophical Society of Australasia , and although specimens were collected , the Society folded in 1822 .
The executives had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co. , Triangle 's chief asset .
The exhibit premiered at the Helmut Newton Foundation in Berlin and combined the work of all three with personal snapshots , contact sheets , and letters from their time with Helmut .
The expansion plan has met with objection from some residents of the town , although others are in favour . .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
The extension of the University Library can be found on the second floor , and parking for 120 cars on the third to sixth floors .
The external gauge is usually readable directly , and most also incorporate an electronic sender to operate a fuel gauge on the dashboard .
The facades were covered with fresh multicolor paintwork , greatly enhancing the external appearance of the buildings .
The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity would have important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia .
The famously-immobile Beuerlein had all of two rushing TDs in his entire 13-year career - both coming from the one-yard line - but Seifert was serious , stating that no one would expect a Beuerlein rush with the game on the line .
The far left had some good issues even if it did not have good programs for dealing with them .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
The field at the Lake Elsinore Diamond is named the Pete Lehr Field .
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation .
The fight resulted in a draw by decision , thus Walcott retained his title .
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .
The film won its director numerous awards including the Carl Foreman Award for Newcomer in British Film at the BAFTA Awards , the Sutherland Trophy at the London Film Festival and the Silver Hugo for Best Director at the Chicago International Film Festival .
The final difference in the material not already plated is that the `` Epilogue , '' and thus Ishmael 's miraculous survival , is omitted from the British edition .
The final or 5th week of the Walden School session is referred to as `` Festival Week '' .
The final panel of the series shows her with a mask similar to Madame Masque , angrily refusing to see Spider-Man since she blames him for her scars .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
The first , at a severity of Mw 6.0 , occurred on May 26 , 1994 .
The first European-descended settlement of the village began in 1802 , replacing an unsatisfactory site chosen the previous year .
The first Guildhall was built on the site in 1292 .
The first aired January 6 , 2008 and the second aired January 11 , 2009 .
The first comes from when Sweden 's Royal Couple lived there during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics .
The first five laps would be added to the second part of the race and the overall result would be decided on aggregate .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
The first leaf contains a description of the `` Rule of Marteloio '' for resolving the course , with the `` circle and square '' , two tables and two other diagrams .
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .
The first part , consisting of $ 151 million of 13 3\/4 % senior subordinated reset notes , was priced at 99.75 .
The first playbill containing her name appeared in 1946 .
The first signs of contacts were reportedly registered during 1989-1990 , when the two groups started collaborating in order to expand their influence .
The first single , `` Dreamer , '' features performances by keyboardist Philippe Saisse , and vocalists Jasmine Roy and Rebeca Vega .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
The first was `` Isabel '' in which Barrie played the title role of Isabel Smith .
The fishing industry was destroyed , as was half of the apple crop .
The fitness craze itself has gone soft , the survey found .
The flowers have two deeply divided granular pollina and two stigma .
The flywheel effect is the continuation of oscillations in an oscillator circuit after the control stimulus has been removed .
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .
The footage of this crash was so upsetting to Knievel , that he did not show the clip for 19 years until the documentary `` Absolute Evel : The Evel Knievel Story '' .
The forest - products concern currently has about 38 million shares outstanding .
The formation was constructed to allow for double tracking if necessary , but this never happened .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The founder had pledged himself to honour the Blessed Virgin in a special manner .
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
The fractional quantum Hall effect continues to be influential in theories about topological order .
The fundraiser was successful , and the trip occurred from June through September of 2014 .
The fuselage had an oval cross-section and housed a water-cooled inverted-V V-12 engine .
The gauge sender is usually a magnetically coupled arrangement , with a float arm inside the tank rotating a magnet , which rotates an external gauge .
The gene thus can prevent a plant from fertilizing itself .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake - up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
The group were influenced by Ash Ra Tempel , Hawkwind and Tangerine Dream .
The group were invited to perform at a musical celebration for women 's artistic achievement , ` Hot Jam Cooking ' , in Richmond , Victoria .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
The highest temperature recorded within the City of Edmonton was , on June 26 , 2002 .
The ill-fated RMS `` Titanic '' was built there in 1911 .
The influential Foreign Minister Klemens von Metternich also held the post of Chancellor of State from 1821 until 1848 , under both Francis I and his son Ferdinand I. Under Metternich , nationalist revolts in Austrian north Italy and the German states were forcibly crushed .
The insurer sponsored the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open beginning in 1981 .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
The investigation prompted the company to recall both SoftRAM and SoftRAM95 from the market in December 1995 .
The island was also affected by the 2006 Pangandaran earthquake and tsunami , when a 7.7-magnitude undersea earthquake occurred off the coast of west Java .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
The issue is backed by a 12 % letter of credit from Credit Suisse .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
The jump was inspired by the film `` Jaws '' .
The key element of all optical stabilization systems is that they stabilize the image projected on the sensor before the sensor converts the image into digital information .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
The lands for the park were donated by Thomas Robinson and his wife in 1904 .
The large majority of mass media in Venezuela remained privately owned , but subject to significant state control .
The larval Battra was drawn to the newly hatched incarnation of Mothra , but was distracted by the presence of Godzilla , who had also been awakened by the meteorite .
The last passengers service ran in 1962 , but the line continued to carry freight .
The last time IBM tapped the corporate debt market was in April 1988 , when it offered $ 500 million of debt securities .
The late 19th century had a huge impact on developments occurring in the Horn of Africa .
The latest 10 - year notes ended at about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 11\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Friday .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
The latest research pact bolsters Du Pont 's growing portfolio of investments in superconductors .
The latter are believed to predate on bush rat and bull shinks .
The latter was lifted only as the b-side of `` Keep on Loving Me '' .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The lead single that holds the same name , is a soft melodic song that differs from Tiger JK 's past releases .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
The literacy rate has increased in recent years : according to the 1994 census , the literacy rate in Ethiopia was 23.4 % , while it was 39 % according to 2007 estimates .
The lodge also hosts fellowship events , conclaves , training events , and an annual family banquet , and supports the council activities at Council-run events .
The lodge ceremonial teams bring flair to other events at the council district and unit level .
The lodge is open from mid-May to mid-October , with two weeks starting in the end of August reserved for the Dartmouth First-Year Trips .
The lodge provides service to the camps and programs of the Yankee Clipper Council .
The lyrics were dedicated to Tiger JK 's father who was diagnosed with lung cancer a few months before the album was released .
The lyrics were written by their keyboardist Tony Banks .
The machine can run software written for other Mips computers , the company said .
The machine employs reduced instruction - set computing , or RISC , technology .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
The main reason for this adoption over mainline gimp was its support for high bit depths which can be required for film work .
The majority of the population of Leigh were born in England ; 2.10 % were born elsewhere within the United Kingdom , 0.95 % within the rest of the European Union , and 1.47 % elsewhere in the world .
The majority of them are known to us only from long portions quoted in Byzantine catena-commentaries .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
The marriage led to an intimate friendship with Cromwell .
The means to lay their foundation being the outcome of special prayers addressed to the Mother of God during the nine days preceding event of 8 Dec. , 1854 .
The middle sister of three , she was married to French military officer Alphonse Emil Alfred Latrique for a few years .
The missing movements are provided via NC 33 , which the three highways intersect in the center of town .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
The mouse is around nine inches long , and can jump in bounds of four feet when threatened .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
The name `` SD-6 '' derives from the French , `` Section Disparu '' , which , in character Sydney Bristow 's words , means `` The Section that does n't exist . ''
The name stems from the appearance of the upside-down boat , similar to the carapace , that is the top shell of a sea turtle .
The name was changed to Iowa Terminal Railroad in 1961 when new owners from Michigan took over .
The narrator does not end up being sexually assaulted ; instead , she has grabbed her suitcase and fled the compartment .
The natural sparkling waters of Duszniki are used in treatment of a variety of illnesses , including cardiac problems , gastrical problems .
The neighborhood comprises an older industrial and residential harbor front area along the Kill Van Kull west of St. George .
The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
The new hybrid system is being designed as a scalable and modular system that could be applied across a variety of Land Rover models and powertrains .
The next night , Necro saved Candice from humiliation at the hands of Tornado before engaging in a Necro Rules Match against Claudio .
The ninth leaf contains a circular world map measuring in circumference .
The north tower was quickly rebuilt as a stubby , flat-roofed structure .
The northern terminus of this section is at Senai Airport Interchange near Senai Airport , while it shares the same Kilometre Zero with the main link .
The novel follows Cashel Byron , a world champion prizefighter , as he tries to woo wealthy aristocrat Lydia Carew without revealing his illegal profession .
The number of CGG repeats correlates with penetrance and age of onset .
The number of ones equals the number of zeros plus one , since the state containing only zeros can not occur .
The number of pupils attending Catholic-managed schools is 163,371 .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
The offering , Series 109 , is backed by Freddie Mac 10 % securities .
The offering was priced with an 8.95 % coupon rate at 99.1875 % to yield 9.19 % .
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
The oilseed radish grows well in cool climates and , apart from its industrial use , can be used as a cover crop , grown to increase soil fertility , to scavenge nutrients , suppress weeds , help alleviate soil compaction and prevent winter erosion of the soil .
The opening credits sequence for the collection was directed by Hanada Daizaburo .
The operative definition of newsworthiness will favor virtually unrestrained use of personal , sensitive and intimate facts .
The origin of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart is closely connected with the definition of the dogma of the Immaculate Conception of the B. V. M .
The original architecture provides a beautiful setting that attracts shoppers to its businesses .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .
The pictures of the Dalai Lama were removed from the gompas and shrines of Kelsang Gyatso 's centres .
The pillars in a line on its both sides are according to Doric or Greek style and their decorations are according to the Meenakshi Temple at Madurai in Tamil Nadu .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
The plan outlined policy measures the candidates pledged to support in the United States presidential election , 2008 .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
The player can cycle between the weapons using the L or R trigger buttons .
The poll points up some inconsistencies between what people say and what they do .
The power cepstrum of a signal is defined as the squared magnitude of the inverse Fourier transform of the logarithm of the squared magnitude of the Fourier transform of a signal .
The pre-Yom Kippur War Syrian-controlled sector was returned to Syria after the war .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
The previous champions in 2005 were Kilmacud Crokes , who were knocked out of the 2006 competition at the semi-final stage .
The previously unincorporated communities of Winfield , Okanagan Centre , Oyama , and Carr 's Landing were united to form the new municipality , and they remain as separate wards within it .
The price was n't disclosed but one analyst estimated that it was $ 150 million .
The prices of most corn , soybean and wheat futures contracts dropped slightly as farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by the 1988 drought .
The principle behind positive displacement compressors utilizes a turbine to compress refrigerant into high-pressure vapor .
The problem is that Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas .
The production won a Peabody Award in April 2007 .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
The proposal intends to use wind-driven pumps to inject oxygen into waters at , or around , 130m below sea level .
The provost chairs the Library Board and the Office of the Provost is responsible for overseeing the Harvard Library .
The psychological impact of this first transformation caused Beast to experience short-term amnesia and also made it difficult for him to control his animalistic instincts , which would cause him to slip into an uncontrollable berserker rage during combat .
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company .
The race is in mixed eights , and usually held in late February / early March .
The race ran to a total of 58 laps , five from the first section and 53 from the second section .
The radio duo 's month-long suspension from XM ended on June 15 , 2007 , when they returned to XM 's airwaves .
The railways were separate , the S&D being administered by the Midland Railway and the London and South Western Railway companies and the North Somerset being run by and then owned by the Great Western Railway .
The rapids at the head of the South Fork were removed in 1908 .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
The reason she is worshiped with the ancestors is because the beloved dead are her children .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10 came in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat .
The region has long been geographically isolated , making it a haven for endemic species .
The relationship is that formed by suckling from the breast of a wet nurse , this is what is meant by `` fosterage '' in Islam as in the quotation below .
The religions both share a belief in the virgin birth of Jesus , his miracles and healings , and that he ascended bodily into heaven .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
The researchers also pulled off a second genetic engineering trick in order to get male - sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop .
The residue can be reprocessed for more dripping and strained through a cheesecloth lined sieve as an ingredient for a fine beef stock .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .
The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine , besides reducing a person 's pleasure , recall the cessation of the `` Korban Tamid '' and the `` Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple .
The ride was expensive to operate , maintenance was intensive , and it did not fit the normal Disneyland `` guest flow '' in that a relatively small number of riders was able to participate on any given day .
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .
The rules of evidence were developed over several centuries and are based upon the rules from Anglo-American common law brought to the New World by early settlers .
The running gear consists of seven dual rubber-tyred road wheels and four return rollers per side , with the idler wheel at the front and drive sprocket at the rear .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
The same period saw the first outbreaks of sectarian riots , which have recurred regularly since .
The scenes featuring dialogue include the opening scene of Benatar being thrown out of the house by her father and the scene featuring the pimp harassing the female dancer in which she shouts `` Leave me alone ! ''
The school has Church of England traditions , although it accepts girls of all faiths .
The school offers eight honors classes and fifteen Advanced Placement classes .
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
The second , at Mw 6.4 , occurred on February 24 , 2004 , killing more than 560 people .
The second marital privilege cited by Mrs. Marcos protects confidential communications between spouses .
The second session , taking place on November 12 , 1960 , produced Joe Primrose 's `` St. James Infirmary '' and the sad and mood `` I 've Just Got to Forget You '' .
The second was named after former US President George H. W. Bush stayed aboard in November 1995 .
The second was titled `` Consider Her Ways '' and also starred Barrie as the lead named Jane Waterleigh .
The seeds of `` Raphanus sativus '' can be pressed to extract radish seed oil .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The semi-aluminum monocoque chassis was epoxy bonded and riveted with an aluminum honeycomb floor pan , and 5,000 aircraft specification rivets were used in the car 's assembly .
The senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004 are targeted to be offered at a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 % .
The series of three constitutional amendments in 1933 severely curtailed the role of the Governor-General of the Irish Free State .
The share price was languishing at about 400 pence before Ford 's Sept. 19 announcement of its interest in a minority stake .
The show was designed to appear as if the viewer was channel surfing through a multi-channel wasteland , happening upon spoof adverts , short sketches , and recurring show elements .
The signatures were witnessed by d'Oyly , who became British Resident and effective governor in the area , and his private secretary James Sutherland .
The similarly titled , `` As on a Darkling Plain '' , by Ben Bova in 1972 also takes its title from this poem .
The site consists of three subterranean Grotto follies , constructed in the 18th century , split between two areas , one on the western side of the lake , at and one on the eastern side at .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
The spare apparatus fleet comprises six spare engines , three spare ladders , one spare tac , and three spare district chief 's units .
The specialists , a trader said , were `` livid '' about Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that sophisticated computer - driven trading strategies are `` here to stay . ''
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
The spirits , of course , could hardly care less whether people do or do n't believe in them .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The stadium was confirmed to host the 63rd Miss Universe pageant .
The staff provides a family-style , home-cooked dinner every night , which is attended not only by Dartmouth students , but by community members , Appalachian Trail thru-hikers , tourists , and even Dartmouth professors .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
The station complex also has long housed an upper Hudson Line station of the MTA Police .
The station has a concourse and ticket office area which was internally redesigned and reopened in mid-2012 .
The stations were both called `` Midsomer Norton and Welton '' ; under British Railways , the S&D station was renamed as Midsomer Norton South after a short period as Midsomer Norton Upper ; and is currently being restored with occasional open weekends with engines in steam .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
The stock pot should be chilled and the solid lump of dripping which settles when chilled should be scraped clean and re-chilled for future use .
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
The stored data can be used to maximize the chance that the best channel to link with a given partner will be chosen first .
The storm caused extensive damage to West Edmonton Mall ; a small glass section of the roof collapsed under the weight of the rainwater , causing water to drain onto the mall 's indoor ice rink .
The streets were not renamed until several decades passed , with Olaf Street eventually changed to Main Street , Kanut Street to Third Street , etc. .
The strike obtained political support from the Political Affairs Committee , and the workers were addressed at numerous public meetings by Dr. Cheddi Jagan , Janet Jagan and leaders of the GIWU .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .
The supply of experienced civil engineers , though , is tighter .
The surprise announcement came after the IRS broke off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one - time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
The tank is known as the SV-001 , which not only increases the player 's offense , but considerably adds to their defense .
The tax has raised less than one billion marks ( $ 545.3 million ) annually in recent years , but the government has been reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns .
The team has fielded multiple trucks , usually with sponsorship from Red Line Oil and the Coverall Carports .
The term can be applied to any vessel ; turning turtle is less frequent but more dangerous on ships than on smaller boats .
The term originated from the Harvard Mark I relay-based computer , which stored instructions on punched tape and data in electro-mechanical counters .
The theatrical flourishes and unique gimmicks she used in her stage show went beyond established burlesque routines like the fan dance and balloon dance .
The third is the presence of a community ; small and stable populations with a thick social network and social norms promoting conservation do better .
The third known version is part number 2189014-00-212 , with at least one model being produced in February 1993 .
The third song on that session is `` Do n't Cry No More '' , featuring a faster rhythm , later charted at number 2 on `` Billboard '' R&B .
The three existing plants and their land will be sold .
The title senior administration official is a term used by the American press to indicate the identity of a source while retaining his or her anonymity .
The town and surrounding villages were hit by two moderate earthquakes within ten years .
The town is sited on a narrow isthmus , with Lough Currane on the east side of the town , and Ballinskelligs Bay on the west , and the Currane River connecting the two .
The town was previously served by a station on the Somerset and Dorset Railway but this closed in 1966 , and by a second station on the Bristol and North Somerset Railway at Welton in the valley .
The tracks are Diehl 570F tracks , with rubber-bashed end connectors , which have removable rubber pads and use 82 links on each track .
The tracks were removed in 1980 , and the railway embankment is nowadays used as a cycling and hiking path .
The train attendant merely stands and allows her to leave , smiling crookedly while shrugging .
The treatment protocol for TMS includes education , writing about emotional issues and resumption of a normal lifestyle .
The trilogy was released on vinyl by Ipecac Recordings .
The trip took over 49 days , where he averaged 79 miles per day .
The trust operates electric-powered boats from the Granary in Quay Lane , to Great Henny , a few miles downstream .
The two battalions , while sharing a depot , operated as separate units .
The two companies are teaming up again for the Future Vertical Lift prototype called SB-1 Defiant , where employees from both companies will work together .
The two contestants who survive to round three compete against each other by answering questions valued at $ 300 in season 1 and $ 250 in season 2 .
The two groups `` turned their arms against each other . ''
The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation .
The two sides are also discussing certain business ventures involving cable rights to Columbia 's movies .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
The ultimate outcome depends on what he does , not on what we do .
The uniforms were designed by Canadian fashion designer Debbie Shuchat .
The university also has a class center in Vicksburg .
The university had refused to recognize the chapter as a `` Registered Student Organization '' because the fraternity only accepts men , and would not recognize the chapter as a `` Social Fraternity '' because the fraternity only accepts Christians .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
The upper part of the tracks are covered with side skirts , with the first two road wheels and idler covered by an armoured skirt .
The use of high ranking , anonymous sources has caused numerous scandals for the Bush Administration , most notably the Plame Affair .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
The very ease of acquiring Esperanto might even accelerate the process .
The very large piers at the crossing signify that there was once a tower .
The video was the first ever to feature the use of dialogue .
The volume allowed is based on the prototype ship 's displacement .
The waist line was put higher and the skirts became longer .
The weapons do not influence the other racers at all .
The western end having two round towers flanking a tall central tower was unique in Britain .
The word `` desire '' , best summarises the essential wish , because in Kabbalistic explanation this is desire rooted in God 's essence , above rationality .
The year 1826 saw the arrival of entomologist and Fellow of the Linnean Society of London Alexander Macleay , who , after being appointed New South Wales Colonial Secretary , began lobbying for a museum .
Their cover of Classical Gas , from their eponymous 1969 album , is sampled and featured in the latest Irish & UK Guinness TV Commercials .
Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 .
Their mission was always for a specific mandate and lasted for a limited period .
Their numbers continued to increase each year as rumours about immigration restrictions appeared in much of the Cypriot media .
Their performance was well received and inspired Ruby Hunter , Archie Roach 's partner , to dub the trio Tiddas , which is Koori English for the word sisters .
Their purpose is to be fair to both parties , disallowing the raising of allegations without a basis in provable fact .
Then , built by the LNWR , the branch line to Ashbourne was opened in 1899 .
Then , items that were not approved are called in numerical order unless a supervisor wishes to take items out of order .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
There 's light at the end of the tunnel for municipals , '' he said , adding that he expects prices to `` inch up '' in the near term .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
There are 109 individuals who belong to another church , and 20 individuals did not answer the question .
There are four boat clubs that row on the River Dee : Aberdeen Boat Club , Aberdeen Schools Rowing Association , Aberdeen University Boat Club and Robert Gordon University Boat Club .
There are four subspecies ; the nominal subspecies found in both the US and Mexico is commonly known as the Texas coral snake .
There are municipal elections every four years since 1990 and regional elections every four years starting in 2000 ; in the autumn .
There are no sites listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Carter County .
There are regattas and head races annually , managed by the Committee of the Dee .
There have been two crashes involving fatalities at the airfield since it was established .
There is a debate within the medical and bioethics literature about whether or not the non-voluntary killing of patients can be regarded as euthanasia , irrespective of intent or the patient 's circumstances .
There is also a boat race held every year between AUBC and RGUBC .
There is no evidence to support claims that a Japanese submarine participated in the sinking of HMAS `` Sydney '' .
There it suffered heavily from cholera in the camps of Varna .
There used to be a Youth Hostel but it closed in October 2008 and the building has since reopened as Keld Lodge , a hotel with bar and restaurant .
There was much dredging and filling along the river .
There was some profit - taking because prices for all the precious metals had risen to levels at which there was resistance to further advance , he said .
There were 143 households out of which 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families .
There were 22.2 % of families and 23.8 % of the population living below the poverty line , including 15.8 % of under eighteens and 37.5 % of those over 64 .
There were 401 households of which 37.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 34.7 % were married couples living together , 19.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , 7.5 % had a male householder with no wife present , and 38.7 % were non-families .
There were 408 households out of which 29.7 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 65.9 % were married couples living together , 4.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 26.2 % were non-families .
There were 47 households out of which 17.0 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 46.8 % were married couples living together , 4.3 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 46.8 % were non-families .
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .
There were 760 households out of which 33.8 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.7 % were married couples living together , 7.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.4 % were non-families .
Thereafter , only a packaging machine manufacturer from Gudensberg used the line to ship his wares , and even then only weekly .
Therefore , high levels of knowledge and interest contribute to high levels of personal importance and affect , as well as high frequency of rehearsal .
These agents of the king were recruited from among the masters of requests , the Councillors of State and members of the Parlements or the Court of Accounts .
These and other attempts supplied a bridge between the literature of the two languages .
These are included for completeness , although they are located just across the Dardanelles from the peninsula .
These are known as Porter 's three generic strategies and can be applied to any size or form of business .
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .
These beams stem from a cosmic energy source called the `` Omega Effect '' .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
These early machines had data storage entirely contained within the central processing unit , and provided no access to the instruction storage as data .
These events , as well as her sense that she destroyed the bond between Dick and Bruce , caused Barbara 's relationship with Dick to disintegrate and eventually led her to marry Sam Young .
These include all current Airbus , Boeing , Bombardier and Embraer models as well as Helicopters .
These include any Assistant to the President , Deputy Assistant to the President , and Special Assistant to the President .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
These objects are thrown away if their screen projection is too small .
These orientations allow easy movement , i.e. degrees of freedom , and thus lowers entropy minimally .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
These screening activities include : review of group-based data ; hearing , vision , motor , and speech/language screening ; and review by the Special Education administration .
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .
These so-called model villages were envisioned as a self-contained community for the factory workers .
These terms also indicate an immediate , not a gradual , tempo change .
These tracks have subsequently been included on CD reissues of the album `` The Plan '' .
These were often related to European conflict , as the Stuart Pretenders were aided and encouraged by Britain 's continental enemies for their own ends .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
They acquired the Charles City Western on December 31 , 1963 .
They also shot through the burning windows of the church to ensure that no one made it out alive .
They are also known in Japan as `` Northern Territories '' .
They are sometimes criticized as a legal technicality , but are an important part of the system for achieving a just result .
They beat Milligan 1-0 , Grand View 3-0 , Webber International 1-0 and Azusa Pacific 0-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .
They believe in God as a single entity , not as the Trinity accepted by the vast majority of Christians .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
They can be relieved only by changing that system , not by pouring Western money into it .
They claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country .
They cover or more in southeastern Washington , eastern Oregon , and southwestern Idaho , and are known to be deep in some river gorges .
They do best in groups of 12 or more .
They do n't possess eyelids so they must lick their eyeballs clean in order to keep them moist .
They get together periodically to discuss issues of concern to them in relation to regeneration plans .
They have a large range of possible power supplies , and can be 380V , 1000V , or even higher .
They have had over 60 chart hits in the UK , starting with 1967 's `` Pictures Of Matchstick Men '' , and the most recent being in 2010 , which is more than any other rock group .
They have included some of the most dangerous assassins in the world including Lady Shiva , David Cain , and Merlyn .
They have webbed feet in order to move more easily across desert sand .
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty sculptors and painters from the US , the UK and Canada at Pine Plains , New York .
They initially appeared in `` Super Robot Wars Compact 2 '' for the WonderSwan game system , and later in its PlayStation 2 remake , `` Super Robot Wars Impact '' , as well as the Nintendo DS game , `` Super Robot Wars K '' .
They joined Division Two of the Yorkshire League in 1968 and were relegated to the newly formed Third Division in 1970 .
They point to other easy-to-learn languages such as Tok Pisin in Papua New Guinea , which have had deleterious effects on minority languages .
They regarded the Blue House Raid and the seizure of the `` Pueblo '' as signs of a North Korean threat that had to be dealt with strongly by both the ROK and the U.S. .
They remained together into their elderly ages for more than 40 years only to marry in 2000 .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
They say these are small prices to pay for galvanizing action for the all - important cause .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
They usually go through a period of dormancy after flowering .
Third TV drama series was broadcast in 2008 - , featuring Mao Inoue as Anmitsu .
This , and his subsequent stock investments , made him a wealthy man until his personal finances were badly hit by the Crash of 1929 .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
This `` 1-in-200 year event '' flooded major intersections and underpasses and damaged both residential and commercial properties .
This also brings her into regular contact with Robin , on whom she has a bit of a crush .
This also led to the strengthening of other nonconformist denominations , and by the middle of the 19th century Wales was largely Nonconformist in religion .
This attire has also become popular with women of other communities .
This can be further generalized by defining a Q-valued Euler characteristic for certain finite categories , a notion compatible with the Euler characteristics of graphs , orbifolds and posets mentioned above .
This change was soon picked up by Huguenot writers , who began to expand on Calvin and promote the idea of the sovereignty of the people , ideas to which Catholic writers and preachers responded fiercely .
This church is of medieval origin , the building has undergone a radical transformation in 1885 .
This currently sees the club ranked sixth in terms of premierships won .
This engine was equipped with an electronically controlled carburetor .
This entire area has been identified in Maoist literature as the Compact Revolutionary Zone .
This finding indicated that organic compounds could carry current .
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .
This had considerable implications for the Welsh language as it was the main language of the nonconformist churches in Wales .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
This implies physiological properties such as hair color , race , and height etc. ; and psychological properties like beliefs , values , and dislikes to name but a few .
This involves trade - offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ` necessary . ' ''
This is an occasional segment generally used as a sort of time-filler or segue .
This is conducted through work projects during induction weekends , fellowship campouts , and special events such as the Arrow of Light weekend and the Webelos Woods program .
This is just one example of the larger debate over the use of anonymous sources in high-profile stories , with many newspapers implementing policies that require the usage of on-the-record sources whenever possible .
This is most common in Western countries in those with Barrett 's esophagus , and occurs in the cuboidal cells .
This is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture .
This is usually caused by interacting inductive and capacitive elements in the oscillator .
This led morning show host Ryan Cameron to lobby for a frequency change for WHTA by putting together a petition from listeners at the risk of losing his job under Radio One 's management .
This line was extended east by the Prahran & Malvern Tramways Trust from Hawthorn Road to Darling Road , Malvern East on 13 November 1913 .
This manual for warriors describes the necessity for understanding an opponent 's weaknesses , for using spies , and for striking in moments of weakness .
This may refer to a lobe of the lung , a lobe of the thyroid , or a lobe of the brain .
This method varies from the BLAST method in two areas , accuracy and speed .
This mutation gives him superhuman strength , speed , reflexes , agility , flexibility , dexterity , coordination , balance , and endurance .
This often results in unexpected deaths , either directly or from stress-induced illness .
This page explains the principal systems that were used .
This policy was , however , opposed by the miners who demanded that the inspections be carried out by experienced colliers .
This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
This reaction can produce the S enantiomer with > 90 % selectivity .
This releases some of the water molecules into the bulk of the water , leading to an increase in entropy .
This sparked a renewed interest in the song causing it to be playlisted on radio .
This study also reveals that young children can be equipped with certain qualities for cognitive operations , depending on how logical the structure of the task is .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
This technology is implemented in the lens itself , or by moving the sensor as the final element in the optical path .
This used the section of the C&HP line from Buxton as far as Parsley Hay , from where a single line ran south to Ashbourne , where it connected with the North Staffordshire Railway .
This was replaced by a Town Hall in 1752 , built by Isaac Ware , which was demolished in 1893 to make way for the current building .
This week , New York City announced a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
This win represented the first VHSL State Championship in the history of Tallwood High School 's academic and athletic competitions .
This work introduced the - fstack-protector flag , which protects only some vulnerable functions , and the - fstack-protector-all flag , which protects all functions whether they need it or not .
This year , Mr. Wathen says the firm will be able to service debt and still turn a modest profit .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Thomas soon became a regular in the Arsenal side , making his league debut on 14 February 1987 in a 1-1 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake , Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy .
Though this created a strained relationship for many years , Trumbull said after Kubrick 's death that Kubrick `` was a genius '' , someone whom Trumbull missed terribly .
Though this form of violence is often portrayed as an issue within the context of heterosexual relationships , it also occurs in lesbian relationships , daughter-mother relationships , roommate relationships and other domestic relationships involving two women .
Though this time , the Brumbies won , 47 to 38 in front of a record crowd at Canberra Stadium .
Through the first nine months of the year , the unadjusted total of all new construction was $ 199.6 billion , flat compared with a year earlier .
Throughout the 1950s , Turkish Cypriots emigrated for economic reasons and by 1958 their number was estimated to be 8,500 .
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .
Thus , according to Samaritan tradition , the region was named Samaria after them , not vice versa .
Thus , acquisition of quantitative heavy-element spectra can be time-consuming , taking tens of minutes to hours .
Thus , any event that would minimize such a surface is entropically favored .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
To add a few more calories to this dish , an egg , sunny side up , may be placed on top of the meat , in which case the dish acquires a new name , `` bife a cavalo '' .
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .
To avoid a runoff , one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote -- a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
To be implemented starting school year 2000-2001 are the courses Math 3-A and Math 3-B .
To face this threat , Samuel gathered a large army to face the Byzantines , some claiming it numbered as many as 45,000 soldiers .
To facilitate this , the chancel or `` presbytery '' is longer than usually found in Europe , as are the aisled transepts which contained chapels .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
To identify students who may be eligible for special education services , various screening activities are conducted on an ongoing basis .
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .
To keep the family together , Michael asks his self-centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael .
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 .
To my knowledge , no government entities , including the EPA , are pursuing UV - B measurements .
To the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy , that framed Judaism in light of Greek thought and human intellect , God the Infinite has no needs .
To the last of Love 's petitions to the parliament , 16 August , he appended a narrative of the whole plot , in which he virtually acknowledges all the charges made against him at the trial .
To the north , along and across the same border , live speakers of Lakha .
To the west-northwest is the crater Tacitus , and the lava-flooded Beaumont lies to the east along the shore of Mare Nectaris .
To this they admitted that they had sinned but now they had repented for it and he should do the same .
Today , Parragon operates in more than 35 markets around the world and has offices in 10 countries .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
Today it is managed by the Outdoor Programs Office and staffed by Dartmouth College and Dartmouth Outing Club students and recent alumni .
Today most automotive engines use overhead cams , driving a flat tappet to achieve the shortest , lightest weight , and most inelastic path from cam to valve , thereby avoiding elastic elements such as pushrod and rocker arm .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .
Tom McMorran joined the band in 1994 after Mark Portmann left and in August of that year the band released `` Sahara '' .
Tom Panelli had a perfectly good reason for not using the $ 300 rowing machine he bought three years ago .
Total ` Fresh Food Story ' constructed at the end of the North Mall .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
Transferred to Key West , Florida , on 1 June 1941 , `` R-11 '' continued her training ship duties throughout the remainder of her career .
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .
Trumbull was often incorrectly credited in print as being the sole special-effects creator for 2001 .
Turkish Cypriot migration to the United Kingdom began in the early 1920s when the British Empire annexed Cyprus in 1914 and the residents of Cyprus became subjects of the Crown .
Twice divorced and currently married , Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern , by her ex-husband , actor Bruce Dern .
Two - and three-year programs are offered in various fields , through the divisions of Games and Animation , Industrial Design , Performing Arts , Information Communications , and Human Care .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
Two seats were won by the Labor-Progressive Party on its own with the re-election of A.A. MacLeod and J.B. Salsberg .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
Two years later , in August 1961 , he broke again the European record in Lodz .
Tyabb Airport has plans to develop and expand its runways and helipads .
Tyabb also has Tyabb Airport , a private airfield which has been operating for more than thirty years .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
Typically the flow rate varies from 30 gallons per hour for the smallest ships to 90GPH for the largest ships .
U.K. Romanichal breeders of the Gypsy Horse have typically called it simply `` Cob '' and `` Coloured Cob '' with a particularly good specimen being a `` proper Cob '' .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
U.S. makers have under 10 % share , compared with half the market in Europe and 80 % at home .
UCD finished the 2006 championship as Dublin champions , by beating St Vincents in the final .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
US 258 and NC 122 parallel the river north before the two routes diverge northeast of Tarboro .
US 258 and the two state highways cross the Tar River on the freeway , then exit US 64 onto Mutual Boulevard at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville .
US 258 intersects NC 222 in Fountain before entering Edgecombe County .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .
Under an Elizabethan statute , the Erection of Cottages Act 1588 , the cottage had to be built with at least of land .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
Under the Comanche program , each company built different parts of the aircraft .
Under the agreement with the House and Senate leaders , the minimum wage would rise from the current $ 3.35 an hour to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 .
Under the command of two Deputy Chiefs in two Districts , the HFD maintains a fire apparatus fleet of eleven engines , five ladders , one tac unit , one fireboat , one rehab unit , one decon Unit , one foam unit , one fire investigation unit , three Maintenance Units , and numerous other spare apparatus .
Under the debt - equity program , potential investors will submit sealed bids on the percentage of discount they are willing to purchase the debt at , and the bids will be allocated based on these discount offers .
Under the direction of President Spencer W. Kimball , the First Presidency and the Twelve removed the policy that denied black people the priesthood but did very little to disrupt the multiple discourses that had fostered the policy in the first place .
Under the strain of the unfulfilled expectations Baako finally breaks .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
Undercover cop Muscles enlists his childhood friends , the `` Five Lucky Stars '' , to travel to Japan to help him catch a Yakuza group .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .
Unfortunately , because Robin needs to maintain the secrecy of Batman and his allies , Robin is unable to reveal his true identity to Spoiler .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
Unlike Fast Gun clubs , Big Gun clubs operate based upon a loose confederation , with each club reserving the ability to establish and maintain its own rules , provided that they coincide with the spirit of Big Gun Model Warship Combat .
Unlike Uncle Sam later , he is not a figure of authority but rather a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace , possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance .
Unlike most economic indicators , none of these figures are adjusted for seasonal variations .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
Unlike organized sports , like basketball or football , skateboarding has no set arena or rules and skateparks have no standard design template .
Unruly passengers are often put off here to be taken into custody .
Unsure of who he is , Zero helps the band of Reploids , who in turn marvel at his skills .
Until 1974 , some southern councils of the Boy Scouts of America were still racially segregated .
Until its 2007 acquisition by Tavistock Group , Freebirds World Burrito had its corporate headquarters in College Station .
Until the beginning January 2010 , HKL was responsible for planning and organising all public transport in Helsinki .
Until the early 1980s , broadcasting in South Africa was state controlled - the sole broadcaster being the SABC .
Until then , governmental interventions had been of a social character , as displayed in the 1832-1914 period , where the major issues were social welfare and the educational system .
Upon excitation of the sample with radio frequency pulse , a nuclear magnetic resonance response - a free induction decay - is obtained .
Upon exiting Davidson Township , Sullivan County , Muncy Creek enters Lycoming County and flows along the border between Shrewsbury Township and Penn Township for several miles .
Upon exiting Wolf Township , the creek enters Muncy Creek Township , where Little Muncy Creek flows into it .
Upon recrystallization of the crude product , the optically pure nitrile can be obtained .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
Usually sited at several locations throughout a city , cooling centers are meant to prevent hyperthermia , especially among the elderly without air conditioning at home .
Vaccinations against other viral diseases followed , including the successful rabies vaccination by Louis Pasteur in 1886 .
Valdano added that `` Maradona offered to the Argentines a way out of their collective frustration , and that 's why people love him .
Various algorithms exist that solve problems beside the computation of distance between a pair of strings , to solve related types of problems .
Vernon E. Jordan was elected to the board of this transportation services concern .
Violence against LGBT rights activists still occurs in Russia , as well as in Belarus and Ukraine .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
Voorhees approved a plan in 2010 for an $ 850,000 artificial turf field to be completed by 2011 .
Voyslava has killed Mlada , Yaromir 's bride , to have him for herself .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
WFIL-TV would change its call letters to WPVI-TV in 1971 after Capital Cities Communications purchased the station from Triangle Publications .
Wakeboarding is practiced by both men and women at the competitive level , but they compete in separate categories .
Walcott was brought on one knee in the third round and the fight ended with hardly a scratch on Langford .
Wallonia is also home to about 80 % of the population of the French Community of Belgium , a political level responsible for matters related mainly to culture and education , with the remainder living in Brussels .
Wallonia is also home to the small German-speaking Community of Belgium in the east , which has its own government and parliament for culture-related issues .
Warner Communications Inc. , which is being acquired by Time Warner , has filed a $ 1 billion breach - of - contract suit against Sony and the two producers .
Warner has a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .
Warner is part of Warner Communications Inc. , which is in the process of being acquired by Time Warner Inc .
Water molecules involved in this clathrate-like basket around the non-hydrogen-bonding surface are constrained in their orientation .
Water pipes are normally buried below the frost line , or insulated to prevent them from freezing .
Waterville , historically known as Coirean , is a village in County Kerry , Ireland , on the Iveragh Peninsula .
Watson has served as Minority Leader since elected by his caucus in November 1998 .
Watson was the founder and editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . ''
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Web-footed geckos , in the genus palmatogecko are two species of Gecko that live in the Namib Desert .
West of the Carmans River near Southaven County Park in South Haven , there was a plan to combine the eastbound service road with Montauk Highway , similar to the Oakdale Merge .
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
When Beuerlein called the play in the huddle , it elicited more laughter from his offense , followed by criticism of the call , when he told them , `` Hey guys , I 'm serious ... do your job . ''
When BrdU is integrated into DNA , it is supposed that the bromine deforms the minor groove so that Hoechst dyes can not reach their optimal binding site .
When Harald died in 1967 in an air crash , Herbert received more shares in BMW , VARTA and IWKA .
When Harmony Gold decided to reboot the `` Robotech '' universe for the 21st century , much of the `` expanded universe '' material that had been produced for the franchise , like the graphic novel and the `` Sentinels '' storyline , was relegated to a position of secondary continuity , free to be overwritten by new material .
When Myanmar Buddhists go to the pagoda , they know in their hearts that they are treading the noble path to that state where the best of human nature will have a fair chance to manifest itself in deeds of generosity , loving kindness and compassion for one 's fellow beings .
When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser resolved to depose him .
When New Tomorrowland opened in 1967 , the space that this ride occupied was turned into the Tomorrowland Stage .
When Radio One took over operations later on , there were plans to give WHTA a simulcast on 107.5 as WTHA until the new owners changed its mind instead and launched its adult urban format there as WAMJ .
When Richard retired in 1960 , he paid tribute to Howe , saying `` Gordie could do everything . ''
When applicable , and with due regard to the safety of the individuals , cast and crew , women and minorities shall be considered for doubling roles and for descript and non-descript stunts on a functional , non-discriminatory basis .
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated or created .
When it comes to busting ghosts , the Monroe , Conn. , couple are perfect demons .
When news of negotiations between the U.S. and North Koreans at Panmunjom became public on 6 February , the Park Administration accused the U.S. of a policy of appeasement .
When running the ball on offense , the runner can control the direction in which the blocker is going .
When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible , the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation .
When the band is not touring , Peter Bywaters offers personal English as a second language tuition on a live-in basis at his home in Brighton .
When the canal was opened to the river in March 1912 large amounts of Everglades muck and finely ground stone from the dredging were washed down the river , silting it .
When the character was brought back in `` First Date '' , the casting directors preferred a younger actress , who could seem more like a vulnerable teenage mother , and hired K.D. Aubert .
When the explosion tore through the hut , Stauffenberg was convinced that no one in the room could have survived .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
When the meatus is not covered by the foreskin , it can rub against urine soaked diapers resulting in inflammation and mechanical trauma .
When the quarterback has the ball the Playmaker Tool can be used to make receivers alter their routes mid-play .
Whenever this happened , he usually received a call shortly thereafter from an irritated Kubrick .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
While Ballard recuperates in the hospital , the released spirits , unharmed from the nuclear explosion , attack the city .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
While always referring to oneself or the audience by name would be considered strange in English , in Vietnamese it is considered friendly , and is the preferred way to converse among close friends .
While pursuing his MFA at Columbia in New York , Scieszka painted apartments .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
While the campaign was Mr. Gibbons 's idea , however , he wo n't be paying for it : The donations will come out of the chain 's national advertising fund , which is financed by the franchisees .
While the composite index lost less than a third of its year - to - date gains in the market 's recent decline , the technology group 's gains were more than halved .
While the infantry based part of the doctrine demanded `` powerful tanks '' and `` tankettes '' , the shock Army demanded `` manoeuvre tanks '' used in conjunction with motorized forces and `` mechanized cavalry '' that would operate in depth as `` strategic cavalry '' combined with nascent airborne troops .
While the majority of Bremen 's burghers and city council adopted Calvinism until the 1590s , the chapter , being simultaneously the body of secular government in the neighbouring Prince-Archbishopric , clung to Lutheranism .
While the station was an initial moderate success among the young adult audience in the region , WHTA suffered a setback with its signal coverage .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
Why the `` Epilogue '' is missing is unknown .
Wide acceptance of zero-energy building technology may require more government incentives or building code regulations , the development of recognized standards , or significant increases in the cost of conventional energy .
Wild radish seeds contain up to 48 % oil content , and while not suitable for human consumption , this oil is a potential source of biofuel .
Wildlife in the area includes the endangered Inyo Mountains Salamander and the Desert Bighorn Sheep .
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world - wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners .
With Playmaker and the use of the right thumb stick the player is given 4 additional Hot Route options .
With a visual magnitude of 2.63 , it can easily be seen with the naked eye even in areas with substantial light pollution .
With companies such as Honda Motor Co. , Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. running so - called transplant auto operations , Japanese auto production in the U.S. will reach one million vehicles this year .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , `` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . ''
With no assigned task , the Cosmos expressed concern for what Battra might do .
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly `` maximize values . ''
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
With the Great Depression came the change to a feminine ideal of womanliness again .
With the arrival of right-back Lee Dixon late in the season , Thomas was moved forward into midfield for the 1988-89 season .
With the help of Morena , the goddess of the underworld , she has captivated Yaromir .
With the hidden dimension of `` Penimiut haTorah '' the thought describes how , in the purpose of Creation that God chose to take upon Himself , man is needed to fulfil the redemption .
With this act , Russia was officially transformed from an absolute monarchy into a constitutional one , though the exact extent of just `` how '' constitutional quickly became the subject of debate , based upon the emperor 's subsequent actions .
With this in mind , it would be fair to assert that actions concerning the economy were not considered functions of the government before 1914 .
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
With versions in 1/48 , 1/72 , 1/96 , and 1/144 scale , Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs have rules that make provisions for cannon caliber and armor thickness to be scaled according to that which existed on the prototype vessel .
With war with France looming , in March 1678 , Shaftesbury , Buckingham , Holles , and Halifax spoke out in favour of immediately declaring war on France .
Within England and especially Scotland , there were repeated attempts by the deposed House of Stewart to regain the throne , leading to severe uprisings .
Within a month of starting , he was accepted as a dresser at the hospital , assisting surgeons during operations , the equivalent of a junior house surgeon today .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
Within two hours , viewers pledged over $ 400,000 , according to a Red Cross executive .
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends today .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Wright was the subject of `` This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .
Wynne married Mary Ellen McCabe , daughter of a wealthy construction contractor .
X is revealed to be the leader of Neo Arcadia and Zero confronts X in battle .
XM did offer a free month of service to subscribers who called in complaints of the suspension .
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . ''
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
Yesterday , Mr. Matthews , now a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston , quipped , `` I think he 'll be very good at that { new job } .
Yesterday , Nekoosa common closed in composite New York Stock Exchange trading at $ 62.875 , up $ 20.125 , on volume of almost 6.3 million shares .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
Yet , he rejected an invitation to Terre'Blanche 's funeral , `` I 'm not enamoured of him .
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .
Yisroel Lipkin was born in Zagare , Lithuania on November 3 , 1810 , the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , and his wife Leah .
You can jump over other cars , warp through other cars and even attract your car towards another , but these weapons only affect your car .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Zane has hosted several Acid Test parties since then .
`` After that , they did me no favours in the peloton '' , he said .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
`` American Guru : A Story of Love , Betrayal and Healing '' , by William Yenner and other former Cohen student contributors , allege authoritarianism , financial manipulation , physical and psychological abuse in Cohen 's community , and discusses the challenges of healing after leaving the community .
`` Billboard '' magazine ranked the album thirty-second in the decade-end recap of the most successful albums of the 2000s , while placing it twelfth in the R&B field .
`` Billboard '' ranked it as the No. 15 song for 1975 .
`` Black Water '' became one of the few records by any act released as a B-side to another Hot 100 hit `` before '' topping the Hot 100 itself .
`` Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue , '' says Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) .
`` But it 's risky , '' he says of Specialized 's attempt to adopt a corporate structure .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
`` Communism will reach its final stage of development in a feckless Russo -- corporation - socialist in form , nationalistic in content and Oriental in style -- that will puzzle the world with alternating feats of realism and recklessness ... . ''
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
`` Demand from Japan is expected to continue strong , but not from other areas of the world into the first quarter of next year , '' he said .
`` Edsall '' was laid down by the William Cramp and Sons Ship and Engine Building Company on 15 September 1919 , launched on 29 July 1920 by Mrs. Bessie Edsall Bracey , sister of Seaman Edsall and commissioned on 26 November 1920 , Commander A. H. Rice in command .
`` Everyone else is going to catch up '' with Nissan 's innovative designs , says A. Rama Krishna , auto analyst at First Boston ( Japan ) Ltd .
`` For a list of all medalists , please see the List of Great American Beer Festival medalists ''
`` For other uses of the word Dati , see Dati . ''
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
`` Greenfish '' was launched by the Electric Boat Co. , Groton , Conn. , 21 December 1945 ; sponsored by Mrs. Thomas J. Doyle ; and commissioned 7 June 1946 , Comdr. R. M. Metcalf commanding .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
`` I Pity the Fool '' was written by Joe Medwick and became Bland 's second number-one hit on the R&B chart .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
`` I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS - Phillips & Drew .
`` I ca n't do anything score - wise , but I like meeting the girls . ''
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
`` I do n't foresee any shortages over the next few months , '' says Ken Allen , an official of Operating Engineers Local 3 in San Francisco .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
`` I think we could very well have { an economic } slowdown , beginning very soon if not already , '' he says .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
`` I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80 - plus , '' he says .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .
`` Impact '' notably features voice acting from the original Japanese voice actors .
`` In 1995 , however , the Supreme Court began taking tentative steps toward resurrecting some of the constitutional limitations on the regulatory state that had been dormant since the 1930s .
`` In the church yard , was a stone , the two ends of which are now remaining , where was interred the body of James Bosvill the King of the Gypsies , who died January 30 , 1708 .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
`` It 's a super - exciting set of discoveries , '' says Bert Vogelstein , a Johns Hopkins University researcher who has just found a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer .
`` It 's a wait - and - see attitude , '' said Dave Vellante , vice president of storage research for International Data Corp .
`` It 's going to be a tough league , '' promises the 47 - year - old Mr. Campaneris .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
`` It 's really bizarre , '' says Albert Lerman , creative director at the Wells Rich Greene ad agency .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
`` It started from modest beginnings and became a gigantic charity '' .
`` Kormoran '' was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks in Australian waters during 1941 and the last Axis surface raider to enter Australian waters until 1943 .
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
`` Le Griffon '' is reported to be the `` Holy Grail '' of Great Lakes shipwreck hunters .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
`` Most of the LBO guys do n't know how to run a business anyway . ''
`` Most people -- whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka -- have n't got a clue who we are , '' says Guy L. Smith , Philip Morris 's vice president of corporate affairs .
`` My Classical Way '' was released on 21 September 2010 on Marc 's own label , Frazzy Frog Music .
`` My Pretty Pony '' is a short story written by Stephen King and illustrated by the artist Barbara Kruger .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named .
`` Note : Hebert never played in The Open Championship . ''
`` Nothing can be better than this , '' says Don Sider , owner of the West Palm Beach Tropics .
`` Now everything '' -- such as program trading and wide stock market swings -- `` that everyone had pushed back in their consciousness is just sitting right there . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .
`` Publish or perish '' is a phrase coined to describe the pressure in academia in the United States to rapidly and continually publish academic work to sustain or further one 's career .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
`` See also : Grand Duke of Luxembourg , List of Prime Ministers of Luxembourg ''
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
`` Small net inflows into stock and bond funds were offset by slight declines in the value of mutual fund stock and bond portfolios '' stemming from falling prices , said Jacob Dreyer , the institute 's chief economist .
`` T. moorii '' is a very hierarchical species and should only be kept in colony proportions .
`` That burden is very difficult , if not impossible , to meet , '' says Mr. Boyd .
`` The Cure '' topped the online music sales charts .
`` The Note '' often employs jargon that may be incomprehensible to outsiders .
`` The bottom line is that if we can get that { Warsaw Pact } superiority brought down to parity , we ought to keep pressing ahead as quickly as possible .
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
`` The only people who are flying are those who have to , '' said Frank Moore , chairman of the Australian Tourist Industry Association .
`` The profit locking - in is definitely going on , '' said Mr. Mills , whose firm manages $ 600 million for Boston Co .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
`` There are some things that have gone on here that nobody can explain , '' she says .
`` They 're getting some major wins , '' she added .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
`` To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible , '' said Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. ) , who has introduced a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt .
`` Video Concert Hall '' ran daily on USA Network from 1978 to 1981 on a seemingly arbitrary schedule , appearing on early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike for durations ranging from one to four hours .
`` Video Concert Hall '' was also carried on Showtime , the Satellite Program Network - SPN , and was seen worldwide on AFRTS and frequently as video entertainment on commercial airline flights .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
`` We were oversold and today we bounced back .
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
`` for these gun-brigs see List of gun-brigs of the Royal Navy ''
and the site was visited by George VI and Queen Elizabeth , the late Queen Mother .
he was one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position .
on August 25 , as part of a trade that brought Torrie Wilson and Candice Michelle to `` Raw '' .
published a quarterly literary supplement , `` The Church-Wellesley Review '' , for work by LGBT fiction and poetry writers .
with a .535 slugging percentage , and the Astros , where he batted .260 in 64 games , primarily at second base .
