1989 saw the release of `` Misspent Youth '' on MCA .
22 of which reached the Top 10 in the UK Singles Chart .
22.6 % of all households were made up of individuals and 4.5 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
23.60 % of all households were made up of individuals and 8.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
26.8 % of all households were made up of individuals and 13.2 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
35.0 % of all households were made up of individuals and 14.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
42.6 % of all households were made up of individuals and 27.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
A Fifth order Fresnel lens manufactured by Parisian glass makers Barbier and Fenestre was installed in the lantern .
A Fourier transform is done to extract the frequency-domain spectrum from the raw time-domain FID .
A V-1 flying bomb hit Colindale Hospital on 1 July 1944 , killing four members of the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force .
A famous example is when Scooter Libby , former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney , was referred to as a `` former Hill staffer '' by `` New York Times '' reporter Judith Miller .
A famous work of fiction featuring scriveners is the short story `` Bartleby , the Scrivener '' by Herman Melville , first published in 1853 .
A federated identity in information technology is the means of linking a person 's electronic identity and attributes , stored across multiple distinct identity management systems .
A few other riders were found , including Rik van Looy , and some obliged and others refused .
A furious German counterattack managed to overrun a number of American infantry positions outside of the hotel , and temporarily released pressure on the Quellenhof before being beaten off by concerted American mortar fire .
A large colony of Quakers were among the earliest settlers in Talbot County ; as they had no reverence for saints , they persisted in dropping the word saint and calling the river Michaels River .
A link between atypical antipsychotics , such as risperidone and quetiapine , and pituitary tumor growth has been generally reported .
A massive cluster of thunderstorms occurred on July 11 , 2004 , with large hail and over of rain reported within the space of an hour in many places .
A meander of the Marne river divides the old city into the North Quarter and the South Quarter .
A minor triad can also be described as a minor third interval with a major third interval on top or as a root note , a note 3 semitones higher than the root , and a note 7 semitones higher than the root .
A new club , Hapoel Maxim Lod was established soon after , but folded in 2007 .
A nonsurgical alternative involves the use of a miotic to constrict the pupil and prevent the lens from luxating into the anterior chamber .
A number of different numbering and classification schemes were used for the locomotives owned by the London and North Eastern Railway and its constituent companies .
A number of sunken old sailing ships have been suggested to be `` Le Griffon '' but , except for the ones proven to be other ships , there has been no positive identification .
A one of TVN 's planned channel is a TVN24 HD .
A plaque was erected in the 1960s commemorating this .
A proprietary name for : a language programme integrating speech , manual signs , and graphic symbols , developed to help people for whom communication is very difficult , esp .
A public inquiry into the scheme started on 10 November 2009 .
A rolling hash is a hash function where the input is hashed in a window that moves through the input .
A short-lived Bolshevik government was suppressed in May 1918 and Sukhum was incorporated into the Democratic Republic of Georgia as a residence of the autonomous People 's Council of Abkhazia and the headquarters of the Georgian governor-general .
A skilled detective and crime fighter , Dare 's adventures appeared in `` Whiz Comics '' during the title 's earliest years .
A structural link forms a relation between two objects and is persistent .
A substantially revised version of `` Champagne Charlie '' was recorded in 1932 by the American blues singer Blind Blake .
A trade edition of 15,000 was later published by Alfred A. Knopf and was later included in King 's collection `` Nightmares & Dreamscapes '' .
A type modifier is used to make a pointer or reference .
A vigorous English-speaking middle class was now the dominant cultural force ; a number of its members were influenced by political or cultural nationalism , and some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language .
About 2.4 % of families and 3.5 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 4.3 % of those under age 18 and 4.1 % of those age 65 or over .
About 2.9 % of families and 3.2 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 3.2 % of those under age 18 and 3.1 % of those age 65 or over .
About 20 % of women who are carriers for the fragile X premutation are affected by fragile X-related primary ovarian insufficiency , which is defined as menopause before the age of 40 .
Accompanying demographic change has made the seat friendlier to Labor in more recent years .
According to Indian government analysis , they began the process of laying a corridor , which is now widely referred to as the Revolutionary Corridor extending from Nepal to across six Indian States , including Bihar , Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand , Andhra Pradesh , Odisha and Madhya Pradesh .
According to Kay `` As it was no longer possible for students to follow the programmes of both Geshes , the basis of Geshe Konchog 's teaching programme at the Institute was undermined , and in 1991 he retired to Gyuto Monastery in Assam , India . ''
According to Kerry Kennedy of the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights , Haidar was `` gagged , starved , sleep deprived , subjected to electric shock , severely beaten -- and worse '' during her imprisonment .
According to figures from the Department of Education for 2009/2010 , the number of pupils registered at school in Northern Ireland is 321,830 .
According to the wooden inscription on the left side of the pulpit , it was created about 700 years ago .
Accordingly , there was a need for an expansion and reorganisation of the existing regiments .
Accordingly , three proposed drafts were prepared for a revision of Speransky 's Fundamental Laws .
Across the mid-south , tiny communities of autochthonous ` Olekha speakers have all but disappeared .
Additionally , Mark composed verses celebrating the lives and achievements of his heroes , such as Joseph Bryennios .
Addressed as `` My Lord '' or `` My Lady '' .
African rice helped Africa conquer its famine of 1203 .
After 2 or 3 days the vinegar is discarded and the fish is quickly rinsed with clean water .
After a long tenure on Monday nights , Keibler and fellow `` Raw '' Diva , Christy Hemme , were moved to `` SmackDown ! ''
After a short rest , the division drove across the Cecina River to liberate Livorno , 19 July 1944 , and continued on to take Monte Belmonte in October during the fighting on the Gothic Line .
After another 2 or 3 days in the fridge the marinated fillets are ready to eat .
After completing her stint on `` Dancing with the Stars '' , Keibler left WWE to move on to other endeavors .
After five months , the Leake government failed , and the governor eventually invited Alf Morgans of the Ministerial Party to form a government and appoint a six-member Ministry .
After graduation , Ciprian went on to study acting at the Bucharest Conservatory , where he was coached by Constantin Nottara .
After his parents separated because of his father 's long trips , the younger La Flesche lived with his mother and her family among the Omaha .
After rest and rehabilitation , the 34th landed at the Anzio beachhead 25 March 1944 .
After showing obvious talent and out-classing others many years his senior , the Victorian Institute of Sport recruited him .
After that , he resumed the practice of law , and was an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of Nebraska in 1880 .
After that date Helsingin seudun liikenne took over these responsibilities .
Air Canada has made a change in uniform by changing the dark green for a midnight blue colour .
Air Siam and Air France both began long-haul service to Fukuoka in 1975 , but withdrew within two years .
Alan Jansson remixed the song , with Makamoeafi and Iroegbu reuniting to rerecord the vocals .
Alan transforms into an alien creature and attacks Ed .
Alexander marched his army east through Cappadocia , where , for a stretch of nearly , there was no water .
All faculty and staff have access to a GroupWise e-mail system .
All of `` Ramses '' crew survived the sinking and were taken prisoner .
All of the exegetical works of Eusebius have suffered damage in transmission .
All of the islands are under the Russian jurisdiction , but Japan claims the two southernmost large islands as part of its territory , as well as Shikotan and the Habomai islets , which has led to the ongoing Kuril Islands dispute .
All of the lessons learned from making `` The Old Mill '' would subsequently be incorporated into Disney 's feature-length animated films , especially 1937 's `` Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs '' .
All that were left was a group of rebel Cylons that had allied with the human fleet and settled with them , while its surviving , remnant mechanical counterparts , having finally been freed by the humans and rebel Cylons to `` find their own destiny '' , would leave Earth in peace , never to return .
Along with many other attendees , she was subjected to forced disappearance by Moroccan authorities and held without trial until 1991 , when she was released .
Along with the day-long events are 40 hot air balloons competing from five Great Lakes Region states to achieve tasks in the air and drop bean bags on targets from the air in competition .
Also , starting with `` Madden NFL 2004 '' , EA Sports created the new `` Playmaker '' tool , using the right analog joystick found on each of the adjustments previously unavailable in prior installments of the franchise .
Although four people were killed and almost all survivors were injured , Hitler himself was shielded from the blast by the heavy , solid-oak conference table leg and was only slightly wounded .
Although he lived through troubled times , he did not play a prominent role in them .
Although the area was known for its healthy waters at least since the late Middle Ages , the spa was officially founded in 1769 .
Although they are Italian , composers typically use them even if they have written their initial tempo marking in some other language .
Among circumcised males , reported incidence figures include 0 % , 0.01 % , 0.55 % , 0.9 % , 2.8 % , 7.29 % , 9-10 % , and 11 % .
An `` optical image stabilizer '' , often abbreviated OIS , IS , or OS , is a mechanism used in a still camera or video camera that stabilizes the recorded image by varying the optical path to the sensor .
An additional Sessions court has been sanctioned for Handwara , but it is yet to function .
An affiliation was formed between the two stations and STV-8 Mildura in the 1970s .
And at least fifteen inmates on the Nusakambangan prison island near Pangandaran were also missing .
And the final leaf contains the Ptolemaic world map on Ptolemy 's first projection , with graduation .
Andrew Lang included it in `` The Lilac Fairy Book '' .
Animatronic designer and puppeteer Ian James Colmer , who also plays the voice of Charlotte the Hen , now runs a film production company Destiny Pictures .
Annually , temperatures can exceed for an average of four to five days anytime from late April to mid September and fall below for an average of 28 days .
Another study indicated that heterosexual men are more aroused by depictions involving lesbian sex than they are by depictions of heterosexual activity , while heterosexual and lesbian women were aroused by a wide range of sexual stimuli .
Another variation of `` bife '' is `` bife a casa '' , which may resemble the `` bife a cavalo '' or may feature embellishments such as asparagus .
Another well-known species is the Jumping Bean Moth , whose caterpillars live in `` Sebastiania '' seeds , turning them into the famous `` Mexican jumping beans '' .
Answering correctly adds the value of the question to their bank .
Answering incorrectly causes the contestant to lose all accumulated money to his or her opponent and forces the contestant to play Russian Roulette .
Anthony 's novels usually end with a chapter-long Author 's Note , in which he talks about himself , his life , and his experiences as they related to the process of writing the novel .
Anthracite coal mining sustained the people who numbered 2,762 in 1900 and 2,943 in 1910 .
Antiochus , the son of King Seleucus , is pining away yet he would rather die than name the cause of his disease to his father .
Approximately 51 % of children in Northern Ireland are educated in Catholic-managed schools .
Approximately a century after being sealed away in the Mega Man X series , Zero is awakened to help the Reploids who are being pursued by the government body , called Neo Arcadia .
Arbuthnot provided him with a sister named Peg , and a traditional adversary in Louis Baboon .
Arguably the best known work in Wild Cards comes from John Petersen , the author of ` Out of The Blue - How to Anticipate Big Future Surprises ' .
As Kit escapes to start the truck outside , Brady , Claire and Duncan fight off the crocodile .
As Secretary of the Interior , Chandler eradicated serious corruption in the Bureau of Indian Affairs , fully endorsing President Grant 's Peace Policy initiative to civilize American Indian tribes .
As a boy , he studied with Rabbi Tzvi Hirsh Braude of Salant .
As a result , little happened for many years .
As a result , the mall was forced to undergo an evacuation as a precautionary measure .
As a successful young businessman in Detroit , Chandler supported the Underground Railroad .
As before , if both contestants are tied , a random round of Russian Roulette is played to determine the winner of the game , with the host pulling the lever himself .
As ex-slaves risked beatings for failing to meet the continuing duties , their freedom was limited .
As for punishment , intoxication may be a mitigating factor that decreases a prison or jail sentence .
As his army approached Mount Taurus , they found only one route through which to pass , which was a narrow defile called `` The Gates '' .
As ionospheric conditions and mobile-node locations change , these quality tuples will shift .
As night falls , the teenagers are still stranded in the woods searching for a road .
As of early 2008 , it is not being maintained anymore .
As part of the FTC settlement , it agreed to give rebates to any customers who requested them .
As part of the arrangement , NHPTV began to follow PBS 's national schedule in tandem with WGBH-TV on September 30 , 2012 , and master control operations were relocated to the WGBH studios in Boston .
As predicted , Battra once again vented his wrath on human civilization .
As the Toa armed themselves with weapons from the Suva 's arsenal , they wondered what to do next .
As the title is subjective , the reporter writing the article is allowed to decide if a source should be called one .
As these are read , the theme music from the 1950s television sitcom `` Leave It To Beaver '' plays under her report .
As was typically the case in England , Ely Cathedral was a Benedictine monastery , serving both monastic and secular function .
As well , the Labor-Progressive Party ran several joint candidates with the Liberals under the Liberal-Labour banner .
Aside from developing Canadian talent , he has also expressed interest in developing international talent , stating `` I 'm searching the world for superstars . ''
At first , Robin thinks of her as a pest , but later comes to enjoy her company .
At high heart rates formula_5 is more closely approximated by the arithmetic mean of systolic and diastolic pressures because of the change in shape of the arterial pressure pulse .
At home , he pursued a similar policy , using censorship and a wide ranging spy network to dampen down unrest .
At least two special supplementing the series were released for this .
At no time did any of these sects constitute a majority ; most Jews were non-sectarian .
At some point , he also worked as a professor at Nihon University .
At the rear of the cockpit , the bulkhead was covered by a canvas cover which could be breached by the crew in an emergency , enabling them to escape into the main fuselage .
At the same time , in her scenic works , portraits we can see that Speranskaya is acute portraitist-psychologist .
At the same time she began to work as an artist in TGTO&B , she became a follower of Pyotr Tikhonovich Speranski , one of the greatest masters of scena , the creator of Tatar national decorative art .
At the start of a meeting , after an invocation and the Pledge of Allegiance , all items that do not have `` holds '' placed on them by a Supervisor or a member of the public , or are mandatory public hearings , are approved on a consent calendar .
Average longevity is 15 months in the wild ; the longest lived wild individual on record was 5 years old .
BAE Systems has in recent times been criticised for its role in the production of cluster bombs , due to the long term risk for injury or death to civilians .
Back in Ghana he is regarded with superstitious awe as a link to the Western life style .
Ballard 's crew , along with survivors who gathered in the jail , are eventually wiped out by the miners .
Balloon glows are held on the Saturday and Sunday evenings with all balloons tethered to the ground at dusk displaying the balloon envelopes and allowing the public to walk amongst them .
Barbara resumed her relationship with Dick but was hesitant to confess to him that she had dated Bruce .
Basil II also prepared carefully , assembling a large army of his own and taking his most experienced commanders , including the governor of Philippopolis , Nicephorus Xiphias , who had conquered the old Bulgarian capitals Pliska and Preslav from Samuel in 1001 .
Bats learn to avoid the harmful moths , but due to their association of the warning signal with danger , they similarly avoid other species that produce such warning sounds as well .
Bats rely heavily on echolocation to detect their prey , such that their auditory system might well be equivalent both in importance and perceptual nature to the human visual system .
Beast gained the ability to emit mood altering pheromones , causing sexual attraction in women .
Because `` fudul '' commonly means `` virtuous '' the alliance is often translated as League of the Virtuous .
Because headgear is not required , it is also called `` glasses-free 3D '' or `` glassesless 3D '' .
Before what was certainly to be the game 's final play , Beuerlein went to the sidelines during the timeout to get the call from head coach Seifert .
Behind the head there is an orange or yellow collar , usually interrupted on the midline , followed by a blackish blotch on the nape .
Beirut 's southern suburb was heavily damaged by Israeli airstrikes where Hezbollah military infrastructure was deeply embedded among the civilian population .
Belfast , located at the western end of Belfast Lough and at the mouth of the River Lagan , was an ideal location for the shipbuilding industry , which was dominated by the Harland and Wolff company which alone employed up to 35,000 workers and was one of the largest shipbuilders in the world .
Between 1500 and 800 BC , `` Oryza glaberrima '' propagated from its original centre , the Niger River delta , and extended to Senegal .
Beyond the community , the creek continues south into Wolf Township , leaving its valley passing by the eastern edge of Hughesville .
Beyond the stretch , in Picture Rocks , the creek crosses Pennsylvania Route 864 .
Bianco also collaborated with Fra Mauro on the Fra Mauro world map of 1459 .
Big Gun Model Warships allow weapons to be installed in rotating turrets as they were mounted as the prototype historically .
Binding of Hoechst dyes is even stronger to BrdU-substituted DNA ; however , no fluorescence ensues .
Binitarians , point out , however that they believe that Melito 's statements do not contradict their position and no speculation about why he left out the Holy Spirit in that passage is not support for a trinitarian viewpoint .
Black LDS Church member Darron Smith wrote in 2003 : `` Even though the priesthood ban was repealed in 1978 , the discourse that constructs what blackness means is still very much intact today .
Blackburne was appointed Lord Chancellor of Ireland in February 1852 , but was replaced in October .
Blackburne was nominated a King 's Counsel in 1822 and administered the Insurrection Act in Limerick for two years , effectually restoring order in the district .
Blind Blake 's version was later covered by the jazz musician Leon Redbone on his album of the same name in 1978 .
Boost levels were driver adjustable between 8 and 14 lbs and during dyno testing at the factory the engine put out 1200 bhp at 14 lbs of boost .
Born in Cuba on April 16 , 1957 , Manuel Alvarez was the oldest son of a middle income , Christian family .
Born in Washington , D.C. to a British father and an American mother , Florence King grew up in the District with her parents , a sister , her maternal grandmother and her grandmother 's maid .
Boshoff claimed a symbolism of the murder for farm murders that he described as `` nothing other than a state of war '' .
Both monsters were swallowed up into the Earth 's crust .
Both were right wingers who wore the number 9 , were frequently contenders for the league scoring title , and could also play rough if needed .
Bremen has a long-standing tradition of fine organ music since 1526 .
Bruce himself ultimately confessed to their relationship after finding out that he had gotten Barbara pregnant ; furthermore , he wanted to be involved in the life of their child .
Bruinooge defeated Alcock by 111 votes on election day , in what most political observers described as a significant upset .
Bruinooge was aided by a national trend toward his party , as well as by Alcock 's decision to spend most of his time canvassing with Liberal candidates in other ridings .
Building codes sometimes take frost depth into account because of frost heaving which can damage buildings by moving their foundations .
But a non-hydrogen-bonding surface with a moderate curvature forces the water molecule to sit tight on the surface , spreading 3 hydrogen bonds tangential to the surface , which then become locked in a clathrate-like basket shape .
But there are two separate words which function as pronouns : `` aya '' `` I , me '' and `` nihi '' `` you '' .
By 1910 his company had built a film studio , `` Lubinville '' , in Philadelphia .
By 1991 , it was apparent Charleston could no longer support two newspapers , so the `` News and Courier '' and `` Evening Post '' were merged into a single morning newspaper , `` The Post and Courier . ''
By the end of that campaign he had played 12 league games as Arsenal finished fourth and had a League Cup winners medal , coming on as a late substitute as Arsenal defeated Liverpool at Wembley .
COG is a 6-piece metal band based in Metro Manila , Philippines .
Cakobau , a former cannibal , had himself converted to Christianity by the missionary James Calvert and renounced cannibalism in 1854 .
Cal Meuzelaar , a social worker at Pine Rest 's Des Moines , Iowa clinic has completed his transcontinental bicycle tour on September 28 , by finishing the final into Des Moines .
Caldor released a statement expressing its mystification over how the image was created and got past proofreaders .
Caldor relied heavily on a weekly multi-color sales flyer to generate business .
Calor provide gas both for use in bulk tanks and in smaller gas cylinders .
Cancer of the esophagus may occur in two forms .
Captive eastern cottontails have lived to at least 9 years of age .
Cells can integrate BrdU in newly synthesized DNA as a substitute for thymidine .
Children born into slavery were also considered the property of the master .
Chisum Independent School District , or CISD , is a public school district based in the southern portion of Paris , Texas .
Ciel , a human who lives with the Reploids , explains that Neo Arcadia has begun destroying all Reploids due to a shortage on energy .
Clarke was replaced a week later by Thin Lizzy man , Brian Robertson .
Comprehending sheet music requires a special form of literacy : the ability to read music notation .
Computers have allowed for fairly accurate acceleration modeling of valve-train systems .
Created as a result of a 20-year broadcast partnership between the two entities , the network is a joint venture between the conference and ESPN Inc. .
Critics counter that Esperanto could simply take over from national languages and continue the destruction of linguistic diversity that is already taking place .
Crowds have heard it live in concert often through the years , including a rarely performed solo version in October 1999 that was released on `` Live in Madison Square Garden '' Vol .
Currently the PlanetSim can show the network topology as a GML or Pajek outputs .
Cybotron released a self-titled album in 1976 on the Clear Light of Jupiter label which contained mainly synthesisers and saxophone .
Cybotron were pioneers of Australian electronic music with their version of Kraut rock while the local music scene was dominated by pub rock .
Damage Control is accomplished via a centrifugal bilge pump capable pumping a regulated volume of water out of the hull .
Darkseid has pinpoint control and his unerring aim allows the beam to travel in straight lines , bend , or curve around corners and can pass through matter and energy .
Darwin was accepted as a `` pensioner '' , having paid his fees , on 15 October 1827 , but did not attend Cambridge until the Lent Term which began on 13 January 1828 .
De Valera remained in hiding for several months after the ceasefire was declared ; however , he emerged in August to stand for election in County Clare .
Debate surrounding a volkstaat returned to the mainstream media following the murder of AWB leader Eugene Terre'Blanche in April 2010 .
Defensive alignment adjustments , however , were not available leading to obvious imbalance in favor of the Offensive player .
Despite assurances by the scientific community that a collision with Earth is extremely unlikely , the public , many of whom are fueled with religious fervor by the evangelist Henry Armitage , who teaches that the arrival of the comet signals the End Times , begins to hoard food and supplies in anticipation .
Despite losing in the Region V Championship , the Jackets were selected to the NAIA National Tournament and seeded second .
Deva has moved to Mumbai and is residing at Boney Kapoor 's old place called Green Acres .
Different interpretations of the meaning of these songs include : optimistic commentary for the future , bleak commentary regarding the recent announcement of death , or an ironic device by which to direct the King and his Lords towards a new outlook on love and life .
Digging in south of Bologna for the winter , the 34th jumped off , 15 April 1945 , and captured Bologna on 21 April .
Dilevski started his career as a junior for Victorian lower league team Sydenham Park where he was coached by Tony Ivanov and eventually played in their seniors at a very young age .
Dr. M. Meenakshi is graduated from SJCE Mysore in the field of Instrumentation Technology .
Drugs available for the treatment of influenza include amantadine , which inhibits the uncoating of virions by interfering with M2 , and oseltamivir , which inhibits the release of virions from infected cells by interfering with NA .
Due to cost efficiency it is becoming common in modern very-short-range high-speed differential signaling applications .
Due to increased passenger numbers , Northern has installed new ticket machines at some stations .
During an orchestral rehearsal before the private presentation , Strauss walked down to the orchestral rail in order to listen closely to the beautiful final interlude in the last act .
During the Final Crisis , Darkseid used his Omega Beams to grant power to Mary Marvel , with her powers then being based on Anti-Life rather than magic .
During their first encounter in the Montreal Forum , when Howe was a rookie , he knocked Richard out cold with a punch after being shoved .
During this time he was occasionally depicted with claws and fangs , but these were not a part of his original mutation .
Each September , the twenty four mile stretch of the River Stour hosts hundreds of canoe and small boat enthusiasts in a weekend event called `` Sudbury To The Sea '' , which finishes at Cattawade .
Each base also had an assigned Naval Air Reserve Training Unit , which until a reorganization of the Naval Air Reserve in 1970 , actually `` owned '' all assigned aircraft .
Each process appears as a directory containing information and control files which can be manipulated by the ordinary file IO system calls .
Each skatepark is designed specifically to provide unique challenges to its users .
Early Christianity was outlawed as a `` superstitio Iudaica '' , a `` Jewish superstition '' , by Domitian in the 80s AD .
Ed arrives back and finds Alan alone trying to hide the fact that his arm is covered in the gelatinous substance they found on the wall earlier .
Eisner died January 3 , 2005 , in Lauderdale Lakes , Florida , of complications from a quadruple bypass surgery performed December 22 , 2004 .
Elinor Ostrom , who was awarded 2009 's Nobel Prize of Economics for her work on the issue , and her colleagues looked at how real-world communities manage communal resources , such as fisheries , land irrigation systems , and farmlands , and they identified a number of factors conducive to successful resource management .
Emigration to the United Kingdom continued to increase when the Great Depression of 1929 brought economic depression to Cyprus , with unemployment and low wages being a significant issue .
Emma assures him that grades do not always classify a person as ` gifted ' .
Eras returned from Edinburgh ready to sit his Bachelor of Medicine exam , and in the new year he and Charles set out together for Cambridge .
Estimates of transformation into melanoma vary from 2-42 % in the literature , but are most commonly considered to be at the low end of that spectrum due to early observer bias .
Even `` voluntary intoxication '' can be used as a defense to a `` specific intent '' crime , whereas only `` involuntary intoxication '' can be used as a defense to a general intent crime .
Even its own members , initially including agent Sydney Bristow , believe it is a black ops division of the CIA ; and only a handful of senior staff know the truth and are complicit in the deception .
Even the lowest estimate suggests a strong and powerful army , all the more remarkable as our investigations focused just on 200km of vulnerable frontier , a small fraction of the thousands of kilometres of borders of one of the ancient world 's largest empires .
Even though he knew about voice acting , Scott pursued the theater .
Evenly spaced Retzius lines indicate a 6-11 day cycle of enamel formation .
Eventually , she decides she likes being a superhero , and she begins regular patrols as the Spoiler .
Eventually the connection between an earl and a shire disappeared , so that in the present day a number of earldoms take their names from towns , mountains , or simply surnames .
Everything on the Vector was designed to last the life of the owner , assuming reasonable maintenance .
Evidence also points to the role of a number of contextual factors that can impact intimate relationships .
Examples include the blind 18th-century composer John Stanley and the 20th-century songwriters Lionel Bart , Irving Berlin and Paul McCartney .
Explanations range from `` it is in the nature of the good to do good '' , to Creation being a process of God knowing Himself , each answer reflecting a different aspect of Divinity .
Fayette County then included land which makes up 37 present-day counties and portions of 7 others .
Fayette County was one of the original three counties created from the former Kentucky County , Virginia by the Virginia Act in 1780 , along with Jefferson and Lincoln counties , and which together separated from Virginia in 1792 to become the state of Kentucky .
Fetterman enlisted in the Union Army on May 14 , 1861 , in Delaware , and was promptly commissioned a first lieutenant .
Final overdubs and mixing were done at Brooklyn Recording Studios in Los Angeles , CA .
Finally on 30 June 1 799 , Krishnaraja Wodeyar Ill , a descendant of the ancient royal house was placed on the throne o Mysore by the British while Srirangapatna became the property of the victorious East India Company .
Finding that the ` X ' he defeats is only a mere copy , Zero destroys him and a huge explosion follows with Zero managing to escape .
First , younger children have a discriminative ability that shows the logical capacity for cognitive operations exists earlier than acknowledged .
Fisher was a prolific writer , producing journalism as well as technical books and articles , and addressing various social issues surrounding of the First World War , the prosperous 1920s and the depressed 1930s .
Flyers were distributed weekly to advertise sales that ran from Sunday through Saturday .
Following a design competition , the Gothic Revival design was by Henry Hare .
Following sustained efforts by victims and CALDH , and the appointment of a new Attorney General in Guatemala , five direct perpetrators were convicted in domestic criminal proceedings and in October 2012 their conviction was upheld on appeal .
Following that , presentations of various dignitaries are made .
Following the 1938 `` Our Gang '' short `` Came the Brawn '' , McFarland `` retired '' from `` Our Gang '' , beginning a personal appearance tour .
Following the Russian Revolution of 1917 , the town and Abkhazia in general were engulfed in the chaos of the Russian Civil War .
Following the breakthrough success of `` Things Fall Apart '' , its release was highly anticipated and delayed , as recording took two years .
Following the changes , Comcast dropped WGBH and WGBX from its New Hampshire systems and NHPTV from its Massachusetts systems .
Following the end of WWII , NAS Glenview discontinued its role as a primary training base and became headquarters for the newly formed Naval Air Reserve Training Command in 1946 .
Following the loss , Stevenson announced that he would drop down to the Lightweight division for future bouts .
Following the report , Attorney General Michael Mukasey appointed a special prosecutor to investigate whether former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and other officials involved in the firings of nine U.S. attorneys broke the law .
Following this , the draft was further discussed and amended under the Tsar 's chairmanship ; Nicholas chose to officially publish this new constitution on April 23 , 1906 .
For 55 of those years , it was held by three generations of the Anthony family -- Hubert Lawrence Anthony , Doug Anthony and Larry Anthony -- the first three-generation dynasty in the Australian House of Representatives .
For Lucretius , Magna Mater `` symbolised the world order '' .
For example , in 1900 the thicktail chub was the most common freshwater fish found in California ; 70 years later not a single living individual existed .
For example , it was distributed in the Latin America , Australia , and United States by Warner Bros. .
For his leadership in these battles he was awarded a medal and two clasps on 7 October 1813 .
For more information about 22nd century , see Noon Universe Chronology .
For much of its current history , any member who failed in an assassination was in turn targeted by the League .
For the next 20 years , she was one of the biggest stars in Korean film and led the Shin Film company along with her husband , the director Shin Sang-ok .
For the same reason , they do not worship or pray to Muhammad , Jesus , or any other prophets ; only to God .
For use in icy ground , up to 18 rubber pads can be replaced by the same number of grousers , which are stored in the vehicle 's bow when not in use .
Foundations are normally built below the frost depth for this reason .
Fractionally charged quasiparticles are neither bosons nor fermions and exhibit anyonic statistics .
Freed persons were commonly required to live nearby the former master .
From 1998 to 2000 , the Triple-A World Series pitted the IL and PCL champs .
From June 30 to July 4 , 2002 , the majority of 3PPCLI relocated to Zabul Province , Northwest of Kandahar , to establish for the first time a coalition presence in the region .
From the , 854 or 81.7 % were Roman Catholic , while 62 or 5.9 % belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church .
From this point onwards , Tibetan Gelug lamas would no longer be invited to teach within his network .
Frowin was chosen as the abbey 's first abbot .
Fuel efficiency rating according to the U.S. EPA testing methodology is : City , Highway , Combined .
Funding in 2011 was distributed according to four programs .
Gail Collins , at the time editor of `` The New York Times '' editorial page , called Michael Brown `` legendary as a disaster in his own right '' , and on Thanksgiving week in 2005 , Brown was No. 1 on CNN 's `` Political Turkey of the Year '' list for his handling of Katrina .
Getting there requires a fairly steep hike from the Rim Drive trailhead .
Godzilla , as the epitome of ecological imbalance and human violation of the Earth , became Battra 's target instead of Mothra , who escaped while the two fought .
Gopeng tauhu is distinguished with its darker top rather than ordinary tauhu which is light brown .
Government debt is one method of financing government operations , but it is not the only method .
Governments can also create money to monetize their debts , thereby removing the need to pay interest .
Green is also a significant color , symbolizing the union of the three colors .
Habitat destruction , damming of upland rivers , pollution and in some cases overfishing for food or the pet trade have driven some Cypriniformes to the brink of extinction or even beyond .
Had he mounted a credible defense of the defile , Alexander would have been easily repulsed .
Hank McCoy briefly returned to his humanoid/simian form with his hair color now being depicted as black , not reddish-brown .
Hasidus focuses on the most essential reason , that most describes the infinite ability and unknowability of Divine paradox , beyond human grasp , reflected in the description of Nistar for the mystical levels of Judaism .
Having finished his apprenticeship with Hammond , Keats registered as a medical student at Guy 's Hospital and began studying there in October 1815 .
Haynes Street ends at Main Street , which connects Sturbridge Center with Southbridge ; on the west side of town , Massachusetts Route 148 connects Fiskdale with Brookfield .
He also began making super-8 films beginning in junior high , and showed these films to the scholarship committee of Brigham Young University in 1981 , earning a full scholarship in ` Theatre and Cinematic Arts ' after receiving a Sundance Institute ` Most Promising Filmmaker ' award for his film `` Night Meeting '' .
He began to write books at the age of 7 , and continued through high school .
He called the site `` Providence '' and declared it a place of religious freedom .
He can teleport himself or others through time and space .
He captained Karachi Blues and Rawalpindi in the Quaid-i-Azam Trophy .
He developed an interest in comedy in the Army after expanding on a singing performance for other servicemen .
He did n't realize that the different circumstances of the terrain made that strategy useless .
He died in Washington , D.C. , November 26 , 1899 , and was interred in Rock Creek Cemetery .
He dismissed their protests and stayed at the back of the strike .
He finally returned to the top spot with `` Turning Point '' in 1975 .
He frequently appears as a commentator on Japanese national TV .
He graduated from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in 1983 and was a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company .
He had given back to back super hit movies in late 1980s and early 1990s .
He had long been known as a descriptive writer , since his publication of `` The Great Lone Land '' and other works and he was the biographer of Sir George Colley .
He has on several occasions been a guest at the White House .
He is a descendent of the famous Kiowa flutist , Belo Cozad , and has made two commercial recordings , `` Flute Songs of the Kiowa and Comanche '' and `` The Traditional and Contemporary Indian Flute of Tom Mauchahty Ware '' .
He is also a skilled traditional artist : painting , sculpting , making flutes , bead working , and feather working .
He is buried at Trinity Memorial Gardens in Trinity , Florida .
He is equally dexterous with all four limbs ; able to perform tasks with his feet or hands with equal ease .
He is known for his work playing the Native American flute , and has been a successful Indian dancer , and has sung in a popular blues band .
He is one of Japan 's most prolific writers having authored and translated over a hundred different books , both fictional and non-fictional .
He joined the US Army and served in an entertainment unit in Germany , where he was nicknamed the Harlem Hillbilly for singing country songs in R&B style .
He led the Right Corps at the Battle of Nivelle on 10 November 1813 .
He lived past all these times reaching the age of ninety-eight when he finally died in 49 BC .
He moved to New York , where he played in many summer-stock - and off-broadway-productions .
He notices that the prince 's pulse rate increases when he sees Stratonice , a young woman intended as his father 's bride , and further tests confirm his diagnosis .
He often discusses correspondence with readers and any real-world issues that influenced the novel .
He outlived all the senators who belonged to that body in his consulship , and at the time of his death there were only seven persons surviving whom he had enrolled in the senate during his censorship .
He played 16 Test matches , scoring a total of 507 runs .
He pointed out that they themselves laid down their arms and forced him to call back Malik al-Ashtar , who was at the point of securing victory .
He previously dated Dee Plume , half of female electropunk band Robots in Disguise for around ten years before splitting in 2009/2010 and the duo appeared alongside Fielding and Barratt in `` The Mighty Boosh '' .
He remained in the MGM `` Our Gang '' productions until his final appearance in the series , `` Unexpected Riches '' , in 1942 at age fourteen .
He reminded them that they had pressed for the Arbitration and had forced him to appoint Abu Musa al-Ash ` ari as his representative , having rejected Ali 's nominees , ibn Abbas and Malik al-Ashtar .
He retired on 31 October 1958 , and was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant for the County of Kent .
He supervised the deployment of his division across the Atlantic to North Africa , which was brought piecemeal as part of Operation Torch and subsequent operations .
He thus became convinced that the Tibetan Gelug tradition as a whole no longer embodied Tsongkhapa 's pure teachings and that he and his disciples must therefore separate from it .
He told them that he found their present behavior very strange , considering their involvement in the army revolt at Siffin .
He was a New Democratic member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1998 to 1999 who was elected in a by-election .
He was also a right-arm medium fast bowler with three wickets in test matches to his credit .
He was also seen in `` The Fairly OddParents '' episode `` The Fairy Oddlympics '' as Timmy Turner 's co-host .
He was buried at a private ceremony at Three Rivers , California , near his old cattle ranch , La Cuesta .
He was called to the Irish Bar in 1805 and practised with great success on the home circuit .
He was captured in December 2001 at the Pakistan/Afghanistan border in a widespread dragnet of Arabs , and brought to Guantanamo prison in January , 2002 .
He was condemned to be executed on 16 July .
He was defeated on September 9 , 2008 in the Democratic Party primary by Pedro Espada .
He was included in their squad which won the 2006 FIFA World Cup , as well as the team for the 2010 edition .
He was particularly convinced by the reasoning of the Revd .
He was preceded by James Hardiman , who in 1831 had published the first comprehensive attempt to collect popular poetry in Irish .
He was reared in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints by two devoutly religious parents .
He was then appointed the United Nations Secretary General 's Special Representative for Sierra Leone and Head of the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone .
He was tried before the high court of justice in late June , and 5 July , defended by Matthew Hale ; presiding at the trial was Richard Keble .
He went on to teach 1st-8th grade at the Day School for ten years .
He worked as a truck driver and Hebrew teacher to put himself through college , and graduated with a BBA in 1972 .
He wrote for the Roman daily Il Paese , which ceased publication at the end of 1922 , after its offices were destroyed by Fascist `` squadristi '' .
Heimerdinger excelled in Wyoming High School competitions for three years in the categories of Humor , Oratory , and Drama .
Her father held Millais responsible , and forced him to pay for her doctor 's bills .
Hill commanded the Right Column during the campaign and decisive British victory at the Battle of Vitoria on 21 June 1813 .
His 2007-2008 season ended with a rib injury on December 10 , 2007 in a game against the Miami Dolphins in which he returned a fumble for a touchdown .
His Classics had lapsed since school , and he spent the autumn term at home studying Greek with a tutor .
His discovery allowed KOMO-TV to become the first television station in the nation to broadcast in true color .
His first break came with an appearance on the CBS `` House Party '' television program hosted by Art Linkletter ; thereafter , he teamed with David Blaylock as the singing duo of `` Guy & David '' , which led to a recording contract with ABC Records .
His first term of office , which he shared with Ratu Sir Josaia Tavaiqia , was from 1990 to 2 June 1992 , when he stepped down in favour of Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara .
His first-class record is better , with 3815 runs in 85 matches between 1945 and 1964 , including six centuries .
His grandson , also called James Geddes , was a civil engineer and agriculturist .
His memorial stone was designed by his only surviving child , Roderick .
His recent work has been associated with the Bizarro Fiction movement , of which he is one of the leading proponents .
His second term , during which he shared the office initially with Tavaiqia , and later with Ratu Josefa Iloilo , ran from 12 January 1994 to 18 January 1999 , when Iloilo assumed the office on his own .
His son Michael serves as manager of the company , and , after being passed over for a promotion , decides to leave both the company and his family .
His strength and dexterity allow him to climb vertical surfaces with just his hands and/or feet , jump great distances and survive falls that would kill any ordinary person .
His wife Lucille becomes CEO , and immediately names as the new president her extremely sheltered youngest son Buster , who proves ill-equipped , as his only experience with business is a class he took concerning 18th century agrarian business .
His work reflects experimental technique , sometimes ignoring time , space , or cause-and-effect , in the service of stories of individuals struggling to transcend fear and limitation .
HoLEP , Holmium Laser Enucleation of the Prostate , is another Holmium laser procedure reported to carry fewer risks compared with either TURP or open prostatectomy .
HoLEP is largely similar to the HoLAP procedure ; the main difference is that this procedure is typically performed on larger prostates .
Hob Gadling , also known as Robert , Robbie , or Bobby , is a fictional character from the `` Sandman '' comic book series by Neil Gaiman .
Hoechst dyes can be used together with BrdU to monitor cell cycle progression .
Hombres G joined the independent recording company , Lollipop , who in 1983 released their first two singles : `` Milagro en el Congo / Venezia '' and `` Marta tiene un marcapasos / La cagaste , Burt Lancaster '' .
However , Leake and his allies contested the six by-elections with such organised campaigning that three of the six ministers , including Wilson , were defeated .
However , as a result of being touched by Pestilence his strength began to increase exponentially while his intellect began to decrease .
However , escape mutants are often generated for the former drug and less frequently for the latter drug .
However , he was attacked by the Guardians of the Universe , angry at being impotent during his first war .
However , his body suddenly mutated again after a short time , changing his fur color from grey to black , returning his strength back to previous levels , and losing his healing factor .
However , it is interesting to note that premature menopause is more common in premutation carriers than in women with the full mutation , and for premutations with more than 100 repeats the risk of FXPOI begins to decrease .
However , it never developed far from its original region .
However , it was also made with the thought of inspiring others to stay strong through their physical and emotional struggles .
However , reports of the fight say Langford clearly outpointed the champion .
However , senior administration officials almost always have the rank of Assistant .
However , starting with the next story , `` The Ark '' , it was declared that `` Doctor Who '' regulars were required to speak in `` BBC English '' , and so Dodo 's accent was changed .
However , technologies to speed up the Smith-Waterman process have been found to improve the time necessary to perform a search dramatically .
However , the Persian satrap of Cappadocia had an inflated view of his own abilities .
However , the age requirement was dropped in 2004 to avoid breaking new European Union discrimination laws .
However , the two papers had shared the same editorial staff since the 1980s .
However , there was no plausible reason why the double agents could not supply accurate data ; the impacts would be common knowledge amongst Londoners and very likely reported in the press , which the Germans had ready access to through the neutral nations .
However , these do not sell the full range of tickets , for instance they do not sell Cheap Evening Returns , so that in the evening passengers can pay double the fare that they need to pay for the journey they are making , if they purchase tickets from the machine .
However , when compared to BLAST , it is more time consuming , not to mention that it requires large amounts of computer usage and space .
Iaquinta played 40 matches for the Italy national football team between 2005 and 2010 , scoring six goals .
If convicted , he faces up to 20 years in prison .
If neither contestant has been eliminated before time runs out in round three , the contestant with the higher score is declared the champion , adds their opponent 's score to their own , and their opponent is dropped .
If the cancer occurs in the glands or columnar tissue of the esophagus , then the cancer is an adenocarcinoma .
If the cancer occurs in the squamous cells lining the esophagus , it is called a carcinoma .
If we assumed that the forts were occupied as densely as those on Hadrian 's Wall , then the garrison on the Gorgan Wall would have been in the order of 30,000 men .
If you add fish later , it will force shifts in their social structure and could throw a well established colony into chaos .
In 1179 , Pope Alexander III elevated the Abbot to a Canon and confirmed the Abbots title to Courtelary .
In 1575 , Franco 's first volume of poetry was published , her `` Terze rime '' , containing 18 `` capitoli '' by her and 7 by men writing in her praise .
In 1636 , Roger Williams , after being banished from the Massachusetts Bay Colony for his religious views , settled at the tip of Narragansett Bay , on land granted to him by the Narragansett tribe .
In 1638 he defended John Hampden , along with co-counsel Robert Holborne , on his refusal to pay Ship Money , on which occasion he made a notable speech which established him as a leading advocate .
In 1638 the Prince-Archbishopric 's Lutheran Administrator Frederick II reopened St Peter 's as a Lutheran place of worship , while meanwhile all other churches in town had become Calvinist .
In 1642 a Lutheran Latin School opened at St Peter 's .
In 1796 Edward Jenner developed a much safer method , using cowpox to successfully immunize a young boy against smallpox , and this practice was widely adopted .
In 1809 Cockburn married his cousin Mary Cockburn ; they had one surviving daughter , Augusta Harriot Mary .
In 1826 he became the King 's Third Serjeant-at-law and in 1830 was advanced to the Second Serjeant .
In 1880 , the first Putnam Street Bridge was opened to connect Marietta to Fort Harmar .
In 1904 , Service , who was working in the Canadian Bank of Commerce branch in Whitehorse , saw McGee 's name on a form .
In 1907 the publication of the poem , along with the others contained in `` Songs of a Sourdough '' , made Service famous and McGee the subject of ridicule .
In 1959 , Republic Act No. 2158 restored the island to its former name .
In 1960 , AIMIM won the Mallepally ward of Hyderabad Municipal Corporation .
In 1965 , he came to Philadelphia as an anchor for WFIL Radio and as main anchor for its sister station WFIL-TV , Philadelphia 's ABC affiliate .
In 1971 , Britten-Norman encountered financial problems , and one result was that the Cushioncraft company was sold in 1972 to the British Hovercraft Corporation .
In 1973 , shortly after the birth of her first child , she starred in a one-off eponymous 50-minute `` special '' programme with guest star Stefan Grapelli .
In 1974 Herbert and Harald 's widow , Inge , sold their stake in Daimler-Benz to the Government of Kuwait .
In 1978 she played Emily Armsworth in the Disney television film `` Child of Glass '' , based on the novel `` The Ghost Belonged to Me '' by Richard Peck .
In 1978 she played Mrs. Berg in the television film `` Summer of My German Soldier '' .
In 1987 , Haidar participated in a nonviolent demonstration against Moroccan occupation of Western Sahara .
In 1987 , Tony Croatto , a popular Puerto Rican folksinger , discovered one of her children poems and converted it into a musical hit .
In 1988 extensive work was carried out on the beach portion of the park by the Civitans .
In 1991 , Status Quo received a Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music .
In 1995 , one of her poems was recorded and presented in Puerto Rico 's `` Centro de Bellas Artes '' , by Puerto Rican musician and singer Roy Brown .
In 1995 Li began teaching Falun Gong abroad , and in 1998 he settled as a permanent resident in the United States .
In 2001 , he brought his mecha design talent to real-life projects when he designed a variant of the Sony `` AIBO '' robotic dog , the `` ERS-220 '' .
In 2002 TV2 used `` In The Neighbourhood '' for its station promotions .
In 2004 , Leahy announced plans to merge with the Boston College School of Theology and Ministry to advance BC as the world 's foremost Jesuit university and a leading center of Catholic intellectual thought .
In 2007 , private corporations controlled 80 % of the cable television channels , 100 % of the newspaper companies , and 706 out of 709 radio stations .
In 2009 , June Browne Newton conceptualised a tribute exhibition to Helmut based around three photographers who had trained extensively under Helmut : Mark Arbeit , Just Loomis , and George Holz .
In 2009 , the North building underwent extensive $ 20 million interior renovations which completely revamped the interior of the building , giving it a much more modern and classier look .
In AD 425 , when Rome had become Christian , Theodosius II outlawed pagan traditions as superstitious .
In ALE , the sounding information consists of a heavily error-corrected short message identifying the sender .
In American modernism , New York became the first stop for immigrants seeking a better life .
In April 1902 , Chamberlain dined with the Hughligans , a small parliamentary clique which included Lord Hugh Cecil and Churchill among its membership .
In April 2012 , the United States Department of Justice filed `` United States v. Apple Inc. '' , naming Apple , Macmillan , and four other major publishers as defendants .
In Argentina , Maradona is considered a sports hero to many .
In Buenos Aires , Brown was received with bonfires and orchestras .
In England , at the time of the Domesday Survey , this would have comprised between about 1 and 5 acres .
In July 2014 , Ofcom completed a review of Openreach 's service , resulting in mandated performance levels on key services .
In Marvel Noir , Felicia Hardy is the owner of `` The Black Cat '' , a speakeasy that caters to the most powerful and corrupt in New York City .
In May 1959 , he broke the European record ; afterward in June 1959 , he set the world record at Kusocinski Memorial in Warsaw .
In November 1982 the Ministry of Education adopted a new authorization criterion , the so-called `` Neighboring Country Clause '' : Textbooks ought to show understanding and seek international harmony in their treatment of modern and contemporary historical events involving neighboring Asian countries .
In November 2009 , PartyGaming announced its acquisition of the World Poker Tour from WPTE for $ 12,300,000 .
In September 1940 , Colindale tube station and the Newspaper Library were bombed .
In `` Fragments '' , the protagonist , Baako , is a `` been-to '' - a man who has been to the United States and received his education there .
In `` Predator '' , Scarpetta becomes the head of the National Forensic Academy in Hollywood , Florida , a private institution founded by her wealthy niece Lucy .
In `` Scarpetta '' , she has relocated to Massachusetts , where she is an M.E. , but she and Benton also share an apartment in New York City .
In `` Spider-Man Noir : Eyes without a Face '' , she takes on a more prominent role , sheltering Peter after he is almost killed by Sandman , as well as dating Crime Master .
In `` The Book of the Dead '' , Scarpetta has relocated as a freelance forensic examiner/expert to Charleston , South Carolina .
In a 2004 interview , Otto stated that she hopes she would never be as famous as fellow Australian actress Nicole Kidman because she is `` not sure could ever deal with that . ''
In a recent study on the impact of Hurricane Katrina on marital and partner relationships , researchers found that while many reported negative changes in their relationships , a number also experienced positive changes .
In a traditional ceremony , Command Sgt. Major Richard L. Ross , holding the division color with battle streamers , passed it to General Frederick M. Franks , Jr. , completing the official retirement of the division , and the 3rd Armored Division was removed from the official force structure of the U.S. Army .
In accordance with Article 19 of the Status of Cameroon on 16 April 1957 , it was not the responsibility of the high commissioner to appreciate , to evaluate , to express an opinion on the names of ministers selected by the Prime Minister or to refuse to ratify a government reshuffle .
In addition , even when they do match , escape mutants are often generated .
In addition , it may remove the Prime Minister from office .
In addition , the cut of women 's clothes was more complex , which made a more elegant silhouette .
In addition to FM and SHOUTcast MP3 streaming , KDFC was the first radio station in the country to broadcast in digital HD Radio , offering a secondary HD Radio channel , KDFC-2 , featuring longer classical pieces and vocal works , without commercials on their former 102.1 FM frequency .
In addition to canons and services to the Lord Jesus Christ , the Mother of God , and the angels , Mark honored his favorite Fathers of the Church : St. Gregory Palamas , St. John Damascene , St. Symeon Metaphrastes , along with a wealth of more ancient saints .
In addition to comic-book illustration and coloring , Goldberg drew gag cartoons for men 's magazines and did advertising art including a billboard for No-Cal Soda .
In addition to commercial applications , there is a wide body of free software for the UNIX environment which can be compiled and run on SUPER-UX , such as Emacs , and Vim .
In an elevated position and strategically dominant stands the Castle , erected or at least altered by Frederick II in the thirteenth century , on the basis of an ancient fortress Greek-Roman then used by the Arabs and Normans , trapezoidal with three towers and two square and a circular plan .
In attendance at the ceremony were several former Spearhead commanding generals , and division veterans from all eras .
In contrast to the day costume , the evening costume exudes much more sex appeal .
In criminal law , the intoxication defense is a defense by which a defendant may claim diminished responsibility on the basis of substance intoxication .
In its first year , the tourney was known as the USF&G New Orleans Open , but was retitled the USF&G Classic in 1982 .
In keeping with the theme of time as it relates to reality and fantasy , these are seasonal songs that restore the sense of time to the play .
In law reports , referred to as `` Smith J '' , and , for more than one judge , `` Smith and Jones JJ '' .
In microcomputers , SWTPC 's 6800 and 6809 machines used TSC 's FLEX disk operating system , Radio Shack 's TRS-80 machines used TRS-DOS , their Color Computer used OS-9 , and most of the Intel 8080 based machines from IMSAI , MITS , Cromemco , North Star , etc. , used the CP/M -80 disk operating system .
In mid-1938 , Hal Roach sold the `` Our Gang '' unit to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , who began casting for a new `` team leader '' character in Spanky 's vein and ended up rehiring McFarland himself .
In one instance , Japanese police in the village of Jeam-ri , Hwaseong herded everyone into a church , locked it , and burned it to the ground .
In order to allow him to retain his title , Emily went to gatherings of engineers and politicians to defend her husband .
In order to comply with state and federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act rules and regulations , Frazier School District engages in identification procedures to ensure that eligible students receive an appropriate educational program consisting of special education and related services , individualized to meet student needs .
In particular , high conductivity of 0.12 S/cm was reported in perylene-iodine complex in 1954 .
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .
In practice , the peak areas are then not proportional to the stoichiometry ; only the presence , but not the amount of functional groups is possible to discern .
In recent times other local teams have overtaken Celtic in the league structure and in an effort to revitalise the club they switched to summer rugby in 2005 , taking over the fixtures of the defunct Manchester Knights in the Central Premier .
In recent years Corella has danced for an array of world leaders including Queen Elizabeth II of England , Queen Sophia of Spain , Princess Letizia of Spain , the Duchess of Alba and United States Presidents Barack Obama , Bill Clinton and George Bush .
In response to echolocating red and big brown bats , tiger moths produce warning sounds .
In systems science , it is argued that the only way to fully understand why a problem or element occurs and persists is to understand the parts in relation to the whole .
In television , two episodes of `` Route 66 '' were shot in Minneapolis in 1963 .
In the 1950s , researchers discovered that polycyclic aromatic compounds formed semi-conducting charge-transfer complex salts with halogens .
In the 1999-2000 VHSL State Debate Tournament , Tallwood 's Four Person Policy Debate squad clinched the AAA championship .
In the 19th century , Belfast became Ireland 's pre-eminent industrial city with linen , heavy engineering , tobacco and shipbuilding dominating the economy .
In the 2007 Queen 's Birthday Honours , Kirwan was appointed as an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to mental health .
In the 2013 season , Yost posted an 86-76 record with the Royals , their first winning season since 2003 .
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .
In the aftermath of September 2005 's Hurricane Katrina , Storrs was named by `` Slate '' as `` America 's Best Place to Avoid Death Due to Natural Disaster . ''
In the calendar of the Roman Catholic and Anglican churches this is observed on September 29 .
In the chaos , a fire starts which causes the truck to explode , killing Kit and scaring away the crocodile .
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .
In the context of a Stryker Brigade Combat Team 's Infantry Rifle Companies , one man from each fireteam in a rifle squad is either the Squad Anti-armor Specialist , armed with the FGM-148 Javelin , or the Squad Designated Marksman , who carries the M4 carbine and M14 rifle .
In the definitions offered by Beauchamp & Davidson and , later , by Wreen , consent on the part of the patient was not considered to be one of their criteria , although it may have been required to justify euthanasia .
In the early novels Scarpetta is the Chief Medical Examiner for the Commonwealth of Virginia and works in Richmond .
In the extreme south , the national language Dzongkha is spoken .
In the municipal government , one councillor is drawn from each of these wards , while the mayor and two additional councillors are elected by the people at large .
In the parallel universe where the Justice Lords reside , Dick 's counterpart is happily married to Barbara 's and they had a son together .
In the same year he married , as his second wife , Elizabeth Cromwell , a cousin of Oliver Cromwell , to whom his first wife also had been distantly related .
In the school year 1999-2000 , the Mathematics department proposed an amendment on the Math curriculum of UPRHS .
In the third round , after being asked the question , the contestant has two choices , either to answer the question themselves or pass the question to his or her opponent .
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .
In the years preceding the massacre , Huguenot `` political rhetoric '' had for the first time taken a tone against not just the policies of a particular monarch of France , but monarchy in general .
In this case a small valve is adequate because most liquids are nearly incompressible , and so a relatively small amount of fluid discharged through the relief valve will produce a substantial reduction in pressure .
In this case the infant is regarded in Islam as having the same degree of affinity as in consanguinity and therefore prohibited in marriage when he grows up to those related to the wet nurse by the same degree as if to his own mother .
In those commission forms with five members , this role is combined with the position of Commissioner of Public Works into a consolidated role as Commissioner of Public Works , Parks and Public Property .
Indeed , one of its best-known members , the master-archer Merlyn , was eventually forced to flee from the League , fearing for his life , having failed to assassinate Batman .
Indian Maoists are known as Naxalites in reference to a popular uprising that began decades ago centered in the village of Naxalbari .
Initially Roberto is confused as he understands his grades are not impressive .
Initially formed as a punk band `` The Toilets '' under lead singer Mike Peters the band soon embraced rock , displaying marked influences from Welsh language and culture .
Instead , much of numerical analysis is concerned with obtaining approximate solutions while maintaining reasonable bounds on errors .
Israel recaptured both the formerly Israeli occupied sector and the pre-Yom Kippur War Syrian-controlled sector on October 21 , during Operation Dessert .
Israel responded with airstrikes and artillery fire on targets in Lebanon , and a ground invasion of southern Lebanon , resulting in the 2006 Lebanon War .
It also concluded that `` SoftRAM95 does not increase RAM in a computer using Windows 95 ; nor does the product enhance the speed , capacity , or other performance measures of a computer using Windows 95 '' .
It appeared that the split that Kim Il-Sung hoped to create between the ROK and the U.S. was becoming a reality .
It appears as the fifth track on their highly successful 1986 album `` Invisible Touch '' , opening the second side of the vinyl and cassette editions .
It can be recognized by trembling of the iris or lens and the presence of an aphakic crescent .
It continues following U.S. Route 220 during this time , picking up a few tributaries , including Lick Run .
It features Miller reading news articles , usually of a humorous nature , discussing beavers .
It had the right to elect 12 burgesses to the corporation .
It has its own Tehsil office , ADC office , and a police station .
It has not been cleared and is overgrown , with a rough surface , tree falls , and several wet areas with drainage problems .
It has perhaps the largest numbers of rebbes of any Hasidic dynasty .
It involved the application of materials from smallpox sufferers in order to immunize others .
It is a relatively common and widespread snake found in the Southern United States and northeastern and central Mexico .
It is a very weak signal , and requires sensitive radio receivers to pick up .
It is also envisaged that because of the town 's proximity to Berlin and Potsdam , for example , and the development of high quality recreational facilities , Premnitz may be considered as a good place to live and commute to work , as an alternative to living in the city .
It is caused by any kind of infection and is a type of gastroenteritis .
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Al Nasr SC .
It is currently utilized by Medaille College 's men and women 's soccer teams along with its men 's and women 's lacrosse teams .
It is for the most part mutually intelligible with the other Oghuz languages , which include Azerbaijani , Gagauz , Turkmen and Urum , and to a varying extent with the other Turkic languages .
It is named as a part of East Main Street .
It is often argued that only Morgan signed the report in its entirety .
It is primarily used for baseball and is the home field of the Lake Elsinore Storm minor league baseball team , a part of the California League .
It is semi-usable , but its use is cautioned .
It is still considered to be the definitive work on the subject .
It is supposed to have been derived either from the Breton words `` bara + gwin '' or from `` Bourgondisch '' .
It is very important when setting up a colony of `` T. moorii '' to introduce them to the tank all at once .
It is widely used to study cholinergic neurotransmission in simple systems such as the nematode `` C. elegans '' .
It lies in a rugged stretch of land between the Rupes Altai scarp to the west and Mare Nectaris in the east .
It may attain 83 cm in total length , tail 20 cm .
It operates the Helsinki metro , Helsinki tram and ferry boat traffic .
It proved successful , and thus on October 22 , 2001 , owner Radio One finally moved the radio format and the WHTA call letters to the stronger 107.9 as `` Hot 107.9 '' where it still airs today .
It provided the first free crossing of the Muskingum .
It started with the main event of the first night of All Star Weekend 6 on January 5 with a Six-Person No Disqualification Tag Team Match that Tornado 's team won when Kingston pinned Hero with the Back Drop Driver .
It tells the story of the Corps of Royal Engineers and British military engineering in general .
It transforms back into Alan just in time for Pete to arrive and see Ed open the airlock .
It was Marciano 's sixth and last title defense before retiring in 1956 .
It was a significant promotion that marked a distinct aptitude for medicine ; it brought greater responsibility and a heavier workload .
It was elevated as the Vicariate Apostolic of Heijo on 11 July 1939 , and renamed the Vicariate Apostolic of Pyong-Yang on 12 July 1950 .
It was elevated further as the Diocese of Pyongyang on 10 March 1962 .
It was in the late eighties when he found himself on his way into the world of voice acting .
It was intended that Battra would reawaken in 1999 to prevent a large meteorite from destroying the Earth .
It was probably the same Marcus Perperna who was judex in the case of Gaius Aculeo , and also in that of Quintus Roscius , for whom Cicero pleaded .
It was recorded at Armstrong Studios with Braund and Green producing , they used the same personnel as for Braund 's solo album .
It was reduced to its present boundaries in 1799 .
It was thought that she suffered from tuberculosis , but some historians believe an intestinal disorder was more likely .
Its average daily temperatures range from a low of in January to a summer peak of in July .
Its cover art was created by artist/printmaker Tom Huck .
Its responsibilities include the investigation and prevention of federal offenses involving the unlawful use , manufacture , and possession of firearms and explosives ; acts of arson and bombings ; and illegal manufacturing and trafficking of alcohol and tobacco products that avoid paying the federal excise taxes on these products .
Jackie Blanchflower and Johnny Berry were injured to such an extent that their playing careers were over , and Kenny Morgans was never the same player he had been before the crash .
Jackson Lee made three unsuccessful attempts at local judgeships before becoming a municipal judge from 1987 to 1990 .
Janet Jagan was also in the forefront in operating soup kitchens for the striking workers and their families on the sugar estates .
Jewish tradition holds that Samaria is named so because the region 's mountainous terrain was used to keep `` Guard '' for incoming enemy attack .
John Bird Summer wrote that Jesus 's religion was `` wonderfully suitable ... to our ideas of happiness in this & the next world '' and there was `` no other way ... of explaining the series of evidence & probability . ''
John performed the song on `` Soul Train '' .
Joseph 's half-brother , Frank LaFlesche became a chief of the Ponca and was influential in the lives of Joseph 's children .
Joseph , also called `` Insta Maza '' , had started with the American Fur Company at age 16 , after accompanying his father from the age of 10 on his trips .
Josephus indicates that the Pharisees received the backing and good-will of the common people , apparently in contrast to the more elite Sadducees associated with the ruling classes .
Judaism gives various answers , and Nistar gives its own reasons and explanations .
Just as he makes this decision , however , George Sr. is arrested by the Securities and Exchange Commission for defrauding investors and gross spending of the company 's money for `` personal expenses '' .
Just before Earth was found , `` Galactica '' faced the Cylons in a final climactic battle and destroyed them forever .
Just eighteen years later , a lightning struck the north tower and burned the roof , which collapsed into the nave destroying the roof .
KNBC in Los Angeles , serving the media market where the police were tracking Simpson , left game coverage completely for the chase and did not even put up a split screen until the end of the game , which was still close at the time .
KOMO has a number of broadcast `` firsts . ''
Kawamori also helped to design various toys for the Takara toyline `` Diaclone '' in the late 1970s and the early 1980s , many of which were later incorporated into Hasbro 's `` Transformers '' toyline .
Kay goes on to state that , `` this began with non-Gelug books being removed , but as Geshe Kelsang 's vision crystallised , even books by Gelug teachers became unacceptable to him and the library disappeared altogether .
Kay states that another result of these `` radically exclusive policies '' was that after the foundation of NKT the Manjushri Institute Library , with over 3000 books , was removed .
Kiyoko can be written many different using different kanji characters .
Knievel was scheduled to jump a tank full of live sharks and would be televised live nationally .
Kroll 's EMEA headquarters are in London , and the company has a presence in Spain , with offices in Madrid and Barcelona .
Kstovo was granted urban-type settlement status in 1954 and town status in 1957 .
LM Radio also trained a whole generation of announcers and disc jockeys who later went on to make their careers on other stations in South Africa and all over the world .
LM Radio was privately owned and operated , and served the vast audience of young people by transmitting pop and rock music which had limited exposure on the SABC stations .
Ladd has won a Golden Globe and a BAFTA and has been nominated three times for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
Lake Elsinore Diamond , commonly referred to as Storm Stadium , is a baseball park in Lake Elsinore , California .
Land Rover presented at the 2008 London Motor Show its new ERAD diesel-electric hybrid in a pair of Freelander 2 prototypes .
Langford landed lefts and rights to the jaw so effectively , Walcott was bleeding by round two and continued bleeding more after every round .
Larger boats and ships generally have multiple decks and compartments .
Larger geographical areas , called Territories , are led by a Territorial Commander , who is the highest-ranking officer in that Territory .
Later , Hank mutated further through the growth of grey fur covering his entire body and the enhancement of all of his existing abilities , especially his strength , and he also gained a nearly instantaneous healing factor .
Later , divorced , she met and fell deeply in-love with Gabriel Roche , a successful urban developer during the rebuilding years of France after World War II .
Later that same year she was promoted to assistant script editor , working on the BBC 's popular medical drama `` Casualty '' .
Latif said he traveled from Yemen to Pakistan in August 2001 to seek medical treatment , while the U.S. government alleged he went there to receive military training from affiliates of al Qaeda .
Leading up to the service , Callaghan 's son said , `` My father believed a burial at sea for the pilot was the right thing to do .
Learning Center of The University of Lahore is established for the professional development of the teaching faculty and staff .
Lewis Carroll , in `` Sylvie and Bruno Concluded '' , made the point humorously with his description of a fictional map that had `` the scale of a mile to the mile '' .
Licensed brands include Disney , Marvel , Mattel and Nickelodeon .
Like his father , Raghavendra Rajkumar too sings his own songs in the movies .
Like many Native American languages , Cherokee has many pronominal prefixes .
Like virtually all Seattle neighborhoods , the Pioneer Square neighborhood lacks definitive borders .
Lobectomy means `` surgical excision of a lobe '' .
Locals speak the Quanzhou variety of Min Nan similar to Amoy , similar to South East Asian Hokkien and Taiwanese .
Located near Alpha is Lambda Serpentis , a magnitude 4.42 star rather similar to the Sun located only away .
Lonsdaleite is simulated to be 58 % harder than diamond on the < 100 > face and to resist indentation pressures of 152 GPa , whereas diamond would break at 97 GPa .
Losing Barbara caused Dick to become estranged from Bruce for his role .
Love was ordered to be arrested on 14 May 1651 , and was committed close prisoner to the Tower of London for high treason .
Lucy 's adoptive parents emigrated from Ireland to Perth in the early 1950s .
Lucy has made contact with her biological mother Jan. .
Lyubov Speranskaya has become famous scenographic producer and master of scenic and national clothes .
Major hits with Columbia included `` Give It Up '' , `` This I Swear '' , and `` In The Mood '' .
Making a campaign appearance in Ennis on 15 August , de Valera was arrested on the platform and interned at Arbour Hill prison until 1924 .
Males had a median income of $ 42,368 versus $ 31,208 for females .
Many composers have been capable of producing music in printed form without the capacity themselves to read or write in musical notation , as long as an amanuensis of some sort is available .
Many critics have objected to the subjective , Romantic nature of the title `` Moonlight '' , which has at times been called `` a misleading approach to a movement with almost the character of a funeral march '' and `` absurd '' .
Many crop cultivars show strong allelopathic properties , of which rice has been most studied .
Many different insulating materials are available for sleeping bags .
Many noyans were executed and/or arrested during the Great Purge in Mongolia .
Many of his fighter designs were produced in large numbers for Soviet forces during World War II .
Many participants of the March 1st Movement were subjected to torture and execution .
Many wildlife parks and zoos breed rare and endangered species as a major part of their activities , and release the progeny when possible into suitable habitat .
Marinated kapenta can be made from kapenta fillets put in vinegar with salt and kept in a refrigerator .
Mark composed a wealth of poetic texts honoring God and the saints , many of which were intended for use in a liturgical setting .
Marking the first use of Disney 's multiplane camera , the film also incorporates realistic depictions of animal behavior , complex lighting and color effects , depictions of rain , wind , lightning , ripples , splashes and reflections , three-dimensional rotation of detailed objects , and the use of timing to produce specific dramatic and emotional effects .
Marriage to what are sometimes described as foster relations in English are permitted , although the concept is not the same as implied by the English word .
Matt Busby himself was in hospital for two months recovering from multiple injuries .
Matthew got together a small group of promoters , including Rob Robinson from New York , to help him produce the event , which was held in Las Vegas on October 31 , 2005 .
Matthews released an on-air clarification the same day during his normal 5PM block of coverage on MSNBC .
McFarlane noted that `` Cybotron '' `` featured a mix of heavy synthesiser kinetics , organ drones and pulsating electronic beats '' .
Meades Ranch is a location in Kansas , United States that was designated as the geodetic base point for the North American Datum of 1927 .
Meanwhile , Sheriff Bowman finds the fishermen and Hubs remains before visiting Shurkin and Lester , two locals who take care of alligators .
Measures can be taken to prevent a capsize from becoming a turtle .
Meatal stenosis may also be caused by ischemia resulting from damage to the frenular artery during circumcision .
Members of the League demonstrated willingness to die at a word from Ra 's .
Migrants to Belfast came from across Ireland , Scotland and England , but particularly from rural Ulster , where sectarian tensions ran deep .
Millais , absorbed by his painting and did not notice and Siddal did not complain .
Modeled after innovative European buildings , it became one of Newark 's first successful retail emporiums .
Monsignore Ferdinando Baldelli , Carlo Egger and Otto Faller started on behalf of the pope the official Pontificia Commissione di Assistenza Madre Pascalina was asked by the Pope to direct his personal charity efforts , officially under Monsignor Montini , later Pope Paul VI , with whom she seemed to have a complicated relationship .
Moore was born in Fort Smith , Arkansas , and grew up there before moving to Cleveland , Ohio , and then Milwaukee , Wisconsin , where he preached in churches as well as working as a nightclub dancer .
More recently , critical review on rice allelopathy and the possibility for weed management reported that allelopathic characteristics in rice are quantitatively inherited and several allelopathy-involved traits have been identified .
Morgans appointed Wilson minister of mines and commissioner of railways on 21 November 1901 .
Most dealerships also provide a series of additional services for car buyers and owners , which are sometimes more profitable than the core business of selling cars .
Most larger vessels have an engine room , a galley , and various compartments for work .
Most reporters require the source to have `` commissioned status '' .
Much like the Babylonian approximation of formula_1 , modern numerical analysis does not seek exact answers , because exact answers are often impossible to obtain in practice .
Muncy Creek then turns northeast , crossing Pennsylvania Route 405 and turns southwest , crossing Interstate 180 .
Muslim influence played a part in the initiation of iconoclasm and their conquests caused the iconoclasm in the Byzantine Empire .
NAVAIRESTRACOM 's primary responsibility was the oversight of numerous reserve naval air stations throughout the US where experienced Naval Aviators , enlisted Naval Aircrewmen , and maintenance personnel from WWII could affiliate as Naval Reservists and maintain their aviation proficiency should their skills be needed for future conflicts .
Named after Sir Walter Harding who in 1858 became the first Chief Justice in Natal .
Nash was also involved in North Carolina politics , representing Hillsborough on several occasions in the colonial North Carolina General Assembly .
Nevertheless , an ability to read or write music is not a requirement to compose music .
Nevertheless , some consider that the earldoms named after counties retain more prestige .
New Company is specialized to produce various domestic appliances , in particular , refrigerators and laundry washers based on the cutting-edge technologies .
New Jersey Transit provides bus service on the 315 route that runs between Cape May and Philadelphia .
New car dealerships also sell used cars , and take in trade-ins and/or purchase used vehicles at auction .
Newspaper editorials and Government officials suggested that the Korean units in South Vietnam should be recalled to deal with the North Korean threat , while various advisers coaxed President Park to `` Go North '' with or without the Americans .
Nighy and Blunt received Golden Globe Awards for their performances .
Nikki 's first appearance , in `` Fool for Love '' , was a fight scene with no dialogue ; she was portrayed by stuntwoman April Weeden-Washington .
Nocturnal animals at Craters of the Moon include woodrats , skunks , foxes , bobcats , mountain lions , bats , nighthawks , owls , and most other small desert rodents .
Northern Duo tickets are also unavailable from these machines and can be purchased only from an open ticket office or on the train .
Not only the plant itself , but the entire living infrastructure were built in a short time .
Not wanting to be blamed for the massacre , Williams handcuffs Ballard to her cot and escapes from the train .
Notable incidents alleging the use of the shoot-to-kill policy include the Loughgall ambush , Operation Flavius in Gibraltar , and an incident in Strabane .
Notorious train robber Roy Gardner was re-captured at the then-Oxford Hotel after escaping federal custody in 1921 .
Nowadays nothing much can be seen of the castle .
Numerical analysis continues this long tradition of practical mathematical calculations .
Nyenkha is spoken in the western half of the district , straddling the border with Wangdue Phodrang District .
Official retirement took place at Fort Knox , on 17 October 1992 .
On 1 November 1945 he returned to the Metropolitan Police as Assistant Commissioner `` A '' , in charge of administration and uniformed policing .
On 12 December 1930 , the R-boat departed Pearl Harbor for the last time and steamed east to San Diego , California , whence she continued on through the Panama Canal , to New London .
On 14 February 1961 , the Holy See ordered that the name of Saint Philomena be removed from all liturgical calendars that mentioned her .
On 14 March 2007 , a federal judge in the United States , Robert G. Doumar , ruled that the Sudanese government was liable for the bombing .
On 16 November 2013 , he was elected president of the Union of European Federalists .
On 18 October , the 3rd Battalion of the 26th Infantry Regiment prepared to assault the Hotel Quellenhof , which was one of the last areas of resistance in the city .
On 19 March 2001 he was dismissed from the post of chairman of the state administration .
On 5 February 1344 at Ditton Church , Stoke Poges , Buckinghamshire , she married Richard FitzAlan , 10th Earl of Arundel .
On 5 July 2001 he also retired from the post of regional council chairman .
On April 6 , 2006 , in his first fight after winning `` The Ultimate Fighter 2 '' , he was upset by Josh Neer at Ultimate Fight Night 4 , losing the fight by unanimous decision .
On December 16 , 2013 , Offishall joined Universal Music Canada as Creative Executive Director of A&R .
On February 3 , 2004 , the approval of Republic Act no. 9237 established Mount Apo as a protected area under the category of natural park with an area of ; with two peripheral areas of and as buffer zones , provided for its management and for other purposes .
On January 18 , 2008 , the Botanic Gardens Conservation International stated that `` 400 medicinal plants are at risk of extinction , from over-collection and deforestation , threatening the discovery of future cures for disease . ''
On January 27 the same year , the south tower collapsed causing severe damage to surrounding buildings and killing eight people .
On January 29 , 2008 , he signed a minor league deal with the Houston Astros , who invited him to spring training .
On June 25 , 2012 , Circa launched the Violent Waves Pre-Order webpage , officially announcing the album 's title and release date , August 28 , 2012 , along with a new song titled `` Suitcase '' .
On March 16 , 2007 , the Upsilon Chapter at the University of Florida was officially recognized by the Beta Upsilon Chi national board .
On May 11 , 2012 the station changed the format and the slogan from `` West Nipissing 's Lite Favorite '' to `` Today 's Hits and Yesterday 's favorites '' .
On May 9 , 1936 , Mount Apo was declared a national park with Proclamation no. 59 by President Manuel L. Quezon , followed by Proclamation no. 35 of May 8 , 1966 then Proclamation no. 882 of September 24 , 1996 .
On October 8 , 2007 on `` Monday Night Football '' , he intercepted Tony Romo and returned it for a touchdown in his first NFL start .
On September 21 , 1955 , Moore went up in weight to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship .
On a clear day visibility from the summit exceeds , and one can , in a single view , take in the entire caldera .
On another occasion , Graner and other soldiers tied a prisoner to a bed and sodomized him with a phosphoric light while another soldier took photographs .
On many of the construction sites German prisoners of war were working together with Belarusian construction workers .
On the first day of the 2014 U.S. Open , Rickie Fowler wore plus fours and argyle socks in tribute to Stewart .
On the idolatry that exists in Argentina , former teammate Jorge Valdano said : `` At the time that Maradona retired from active football , left traumatized Argentina .
On the official site 's forums , Seven Seas Entertainment staff has confirmed a concluding third volume will be published , most likely in the form of a collective omnibus to introduce new readers to the worlds of Last Hope .
On the other hand , 4th year Math courses such as Math 4-A and Math 4-B will be offered starting school year 2001-2002 .
On the run , she develops a revolutionary new theory of quantum cognition , which she writes down in a little black book .
On the way through each level , the player can find numerous weapon upgrades and `` Metal Slug '' tanks .
On-screen lesbian sex , while typically aimed at a male audience , has developed a small lesbian audience as well , but still contrasts with gay male pornography , which is considered a genre of its own .
Once a busy and important river port the last industrial building on the riverside in Sudbury has been converted into the town 's only theatre , the Quay Theatre .
One factor is the resource itself ; resources with definable boundaries can be preserved much more easily .
One or two songs were remixed at a different studio after the Brooklyn Recording sessions .
One study , by Henry E. Adams , Lester W. Wright , Jr. , and Bethany A. Lohr , published in the Journal of Abnormal Psychology , found heterosexual men have the highest genital and subjective arousal to pornography depicting heterosexual activity , rather than lesbian activity .
One such adjustment includes the ability to switch which direction a running play will go without changing the formation .
One such was a young Protestant scholar called Samuel Ferguson who studied the language privately and discovered its poetry , which he began to translate .
Only two tracks , `` Sydney Town '' and `` You Ca n't Run '' , have ever been released on a CD as of the date of this entry .
Opie and Anthony dubbed the man `` Homeless Charlie '' , who mentioned the possibility of raping Condoleezza Rice and Laura Bush .
Opposition research also has its origins in military planning , as evident in such ancient texts as `` The Art of War '' , published in the 5th century B.C. by Sun Tzu .
Originally the three women , Amy Saunders , Lou Bennett and Sally Dastey combined their vocal talents as backing singers for Aboriginal band Djaambi , led by Saunder 's brother Richard Frankland in 1990 .
Other constitutions from Austria-Hungary , Japan and Prussia were also studied , as was a draft constitution authored by the Union of Liberation , and published abroad .
Other critics have approved of the sobriquet , finding it evocative or in line with their own interpretation of the work .
Other events include : `` North Sea Jazz Festival '' , the largest Jazz festival in Europe , `` Bavaria City Race '' , a Formula 1 race inside the city center and a 3 day long maritime extravaganza called the `` World Port Days '' celebrating the Port of Rotterdam .
Other prominent riders , including Jacques Anquetil , were at the front .
Others have suggested she might have been anorexic while others attribute her poor health to an addiction to laudanum or a combination of ailments .
Outdoor professionals usually prefer either synthetic fill , or natural fill , and they have debated the merits of these materials for years .
Overlooking Muskrat Lake the park occupies what is thought to be the spot where Champlain met the Native Chief Nibachis .
Oya 's close association with the passage from life into death also means she is one of the only Orisha who is venerated alongside the Egungun , whose cult is most often kept separate from that of the Orisha .
Pan American Bank 's mission is to transform and empower Latino communities through banking relationships built on trust , service , respect , communication and guidance .
Parents who suspect their child is eligible may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the district 's Special Education Department .
Parragon publishes over 2000 titles every year in over 25 languages .
Partially for those reasons , nuclear-armed cruise missiles are amongst the least deployed of all nuclear weapons , as their deployment is restricted by treaties such as SALT II .
Pavone Canavese borders the following municipalities : Ivrea , Banchette , Samone , Colleretto Giacosa , Romano Canavese , Perosa Canavese , San Martino Canavese .
Peg continued in pictorial art beyond the 18th century , but the other figures associated with the original tableau dropped away .
Petersen 's book articulates a series of events that due to their likelihood to surprise and potential for impact might be considered ` Wildcards ' .
Pitt spoke out against the Convention of El Pardo which aimed to settle the dispute peacefully .
Pitt was a leading advocate of a more hard-line policy against Spain , and often castigated Walpole 's government for its weakness in dealing with Madrid .
Pius XII responded to Madre Pascalina in the aftermath of the war by organizing a two tier papal charity .
Placing the stones in the Suva shrine , the stones activated and transformed the six into new Toa Metru .
Political lobbying by California Senator Arthur Jellison eventually gets a joint Apollo-Soyuz mission into space to study the comet , dubbed `` The Hammer '' by popular media , which is expected to pass close to the Earth .
Poor and Tribal children are getting to learn English and Computers through roleplay .
Popovic holds the status of visiting Scholar at Harriman Institute , one of the most prestigious graduate schools of public policy in the world School of International and Public Affairs at Columbia University .
Porter claimed that a company must only choose one of the three or risk that the business would waste precious resources .
Positive displacement compressors are currently the most efficient type of compressor , and have the largest refrigerating effect per single unit .
Positive displacement compressors are of four main types : screw compressor , rolling piston compressor , reciprocating compressor , and rotary compressor .
Poulidor said his indifference to the controls and the strike harmed his relations with fellow riders .
Preparation is traditionally described as collection of the residue from meat roasts but modern production is from such residue added to boiling water with a generous amount of salt .
President Park refused to negotiate seriously with either General Bonesteel or Ambassador William J. Porter .
Produced in Australia , it starred the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team '' - Dannii Minogue , Vince Del Tito , Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall , and a new member , black teenager Keith Williams , who was imported from Los Angeles .
Programs needed to be loaded by an operator ; the processor could not boot itself .
Proponents of the above laws maintain that these laws are necessary for the control and monitoring of dangerous individuals that live among the general populace .
Punjabi women wear a suit and salwar with chunni .
Pursuant to his mandate and powers conferred upon him , strictly speaking in the texts of the State of Cameroon , Mbida formed a new government and Ramadier refused to ratify the government reshuffle .
Quill pens were used to write the vast majority of medieval manuscripts , the Magna Carta and the Declaration of Independence .
Rather than raising new infantry regiments , the senior regiments of foot were each ordered to raise a second battalion , with the existing regiment being redesignated as the 1st Battalion .
Realizing that they need Michael , the family asks him to come back and run the company , which Michael scoffs at until he sees how much the family means to his teenaged son George Michael .
Recently , OnStar has changed its terms and conditions to allow sale of vehicle location and speeds to interested third parties including law enforcement agencies , which has been criticized in the comp.risks forum .
Recipients decode it and use the bit error rate to calculate and store a tuple .
Relegated from their first season , they return the following year as Yorkshire League Division Two Champions .
Remnant Micronesia and the Marshall Islands , the heirs of the last territories of the Trust , attained final independence on 22 December 1990 . .
Removal of the lens before it completely luxates into the anterior chamber may prevent secondary glaucoma .
Reprise can refer to a version of a song which is similar to , yet different from , the song on which it is based .
Research also shows that children develop explicit understanding at age 5 and as a result , the child will count the sweets to decide which has more .
Returning to his room to find Diego 's body on the floor , Gerard is taken in by the police as a murder suspect , but a waiter verifies he was with Senora Camargo at the time .
Reviewers raised the question of how important the definition , or lack thereof , was to understanding the anthology as a whole and the stories individually .
Rice allelopathy depends on variety and origin : Japonica rice is more allelopathic than Indica and Japonica-Indica hybrid .
Riders also criticised Poulidor for accepting to be tested .
Robert Hammond then wrote to Oliver Cromwell asking for leniency for Love .
Robin soon realizes that his feelings for Stephanie have grown into something more , and , after breaking up with Ariana , he begins dating Stephanie .
SEC Network is a digital cable and satellite television network that launched on August 14 , 2014 , focusing on coverage of sporting events sanctioned by the Southeastern Conference .
SGA representation from each class shall be as follows : President , Vice-President , Five Representatives .
STV-8 was split from the network in 1990 when the station joined the then - `` VIC Television '' network .
Same-sex couples headed 63 households in 2010 , an increase from the 58 counted in 2000 .
Sample Surveys Division oversees , planning design , operations , statistical analysis reporting , and dissemination of data from sample surveys at all levels of education , including early childhood and adult , and international data .
Sanford emphasizes the variety available in their curriculum , allowing each student to discover their own strengths and weaknesses and to construct a rigorous course load to accommodate such .
Schulenburg ISD has made substantial strides in the expansion of technology to support its educational and administrative missions .
Schultes , in both his life and his work , has directly influenced notable people as diverse as biologist E.O. Wilson , physician Andrew Weil , psychologist Daniel Goleman , poet Allen Ginsberg , ethnobotanist , conservationist and author Mark J. Plotkin , and authors Alejo Carpentier and William S. Burroughs .
Scientists investigating these survivors discover that each had abnormal blood pH. One , a baby , had respiratory alkalosis due to constant crying ; the other , an old man , drinks Sterno .
Seifert suggested a quarterback draw , which Beuerlein initially did n't believe and literally had backup QB Steve Bono laughing .
Self-knowledge is linked to the cognitive self in that its motives guide our search to gain greater clarity and assurance that our own self-concept is an accurate representation of our `` true self '' ; for this reason the cognitive self is also referred to as the `` known self '' .
Semyon Alekseyevich Lavochkin , a Soviet aerospace engineer , Soviet aircraft designer who founded the Lavochkin aircraft design bureau .
Senator Sweeney also co-sponsored the law providing health benefits to New Jersey National Guard members who serve for 30 days or more on state active duty .
Set in an alternate near-future Japan , the protagonist of the story , a young woman codenamed `` Kabuki '' , acts as an agent and television law-enforcement personality for a clandestine government body known as `` The Noh '' .
Several events take place in Baldock throughout the year .
Several individual customers filed suit against the company as well .
She had three sons with him : Alain , Marc Y.C. and Jean-Luc Latrique .
She is the mother of all , and the yoked lions that draw her chariot show the offspring 's duty of obedience to the parent .
She is the sister of Australian writer and scholar Niall Lucy , who passed away on the 5th June 2014 .
She returns to stop Paul 's rampage , only to find that Invincible came first , and refusing to hear her pleas , wants to put Paul in jail .
She was more commonly known by her nickname , `` The Apple '' , and died at 107 at a New Milton , Hampshire , England nursing home .
Shrimp and crab are higher valued cash crops , and can be a less affordable option for larger groups .
Shunting locomotives took trains from The Waterloo Good Station to the cutting to be hitched onto the cable .
Shurkin sets out with the Sheriff to find the crocodile , while Lester is seen to be feeding the crocodile , but is eventually devoured himself .
Since Muslims believe only in the worship of a strictly monotheistic God who never assumed human flesh , they do not accept the use of icons , and see this as shirk .
Since the required return on government bonds for domestic and foreign holders can not be distinguished in an international market for government debt , this may mean that yields on government debt are not a good proxy for the risk free rate .
Since there was nothing objectionable in it , most likely it was somehow lost by Bentley 's printer when the `` Etymology '' and `` Extracts '' were moved .
Some 1,191 Lebanese and 160 Israelis were killed in the conflict .
Some arrived as students and tourists whilst others left the island due to the harsh economic and political life during the British colony of Cyprus .
Some claim that like the Chalcedonian Creed adopted by later trinitarians , he here makes no mention of the Holy Spirit because his attention is focused on demonstrating the humanity and divinity of Jesus Christ .
Some of the rare species that inhabit the Valdivian Coastal Range include the Pudu , the Degu , the Marine Otter , and the Monito del Monte , or mountain monkey .
Some potential prey are unpalatable to bats however , and produce an ultrasonic aposematic signal , the auditory equivalent of warning coloration .
Some researchers recognized that previous studies of flashbulb memories are limited by the reliance on small sample groups of few nationalities , thus limiting the comparison of memory consistency across different variables .
Some women of the Hindu and Muslim Seraiki people still wear ghaggra .
Sometimes , differences in skin color within the same family made joining the same Cuban club impossible .
Sometimes officials request that they be identified using other titles to prevent anybody from determining their true identity .
Son of Spencer H. Kim , an aerospace company executive and internationalist , Kim and his wife , Kati , owned two retail stores in San Francisco .
South of downtown Tarboro , the U.S. Highway has a partial cloverleaf interchange with the US 64 freeway and Western Boulevard , which features US 64 Alternate , NC 111 , and NC 122 .
St Buryan has a long history of religious activity both through its historical connection with the church of the state , and later playing an important part in the Methodist revival of the 18th century , led by John Wesley who visited the parish and ministered on several occasions .
St John appears to have got into trouble with the court in connection with a seditious publication , and to have associated himself with the future popular leaders John Pym and Lord Saye .
Starting in 2009 , Akita began experiencing a huge surge in Korean tourism after the airing of the popular drama Iris , which featured several scenes shot in Akita , most notably at Lake Tazawa and Oga 's GAO Aquarium .
Starting on 1 March 1919 , an anti-Japanese demonstration continued to spread , and as the Japanese national and military police could not contain the crowds , the army and even the navy were also called in .
Status-wise , the bordar or cottager ranked below a serf in the social hierarchy of a manor , holding a cottage , garden and just enough land to feed a family .
Still , Gerard is given 48 hours to leave the country .
Still in corps command , he fought in the Battle of the Pyrenees .
Still not eighteen , he briefly attended the University of Idaho in Moscow in north Idaho , then entered the Army Air Forces in 1945 and was in basic training during V-J Day in August .
Studies have indicated that male circumcision contributes to the development of urethral stricture .
Such commissioners are found in Corsica as early as 1553 , in Bourges in 1592 , in Troyes in 1594 , and in Limoges in 1596 .
Such options include CS gas , Taser , ASP and plastic bullets .
Summis desiderantes affectibus was a papal bull issued by Pope Innocent VIII on December 5 , 1484 .
Superconductivity in charge-transfer complexes was first reported in the Bechgaard salt 2PF6 in 1980 .
Surveys on vocational and technical education are also included in this division .
Swiftly shifting positions as only sea based power can , the fleet then sped south to provide support for the landings on Iwo Jima , begun 19 February .
Swinburne has attempted to reassert classical Christian beliefs with an apologetic method that he believes is compatible with contemporary science .
Swinburne relies on his previous arguments as he defends particular Christian beliefs .
Syncronys settled with the FTC and the suing customers in 1996 .
Tanks are used to store fuel , engine oil , and fresh water .
Telecoms provider customers who have problems can not directly contact Openreach and have to go indirectly through their reseller .
TenFold Corporation is a provider of EnterpriseTenFold SOA , an SOA-compliant , Ajax-enabled solutions framework for adding functionality to existing applications and building enterprise-scale applications .
That sponsorship ended in 1991 , and the event is now known as the Zurich Classic of New Orleans .
The 18th century also saw the Welsh Methodist revival , led by Daniel Rowland , Howell Harris and William Williams Pantycelyn .
The 1992 ship 's two suites are called Royal Suite and Presidential Suite .
The 2005 `` Devils & Dust '' album used scatterings of Federici , Scialfa , and Tyrell , while the 2006 Sessions Band Tour used Scialfa and Tyrell among the largely numbered backing musicians .
The 2006 Dublin Senior Football Championship was an edition of an annual Gaelic football competition organized by the Dublin County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association in Ireland .
The 2008 concert of Classic Rock band Bad Company at the venue was recorded for a 2010 release on CD and DVD .
The 2012 model year U.S. version has minor improvements and its updated EPA fuel economy rating is : City , Highway , Combined .
The APL has often been used by plaintiffs asserting that local governments have illegally taken land or imposed taxes .
The Abbey School offers education for girls aged 3 to 18 .
The Academy offered classes that taught the German language and literature , as well as English .
The Anti-Monitor was able to counter the vicious attack , permanently scarring the face of Scar .
The Brumbies hosted the 2004 Super 12 Final as well , and were to face the Crusaders once again .
The Burner Plan , formally entitled `` A Responsible Plan to End the War in Iraq '' , was a 36-page policy paper presented 17 March 2008 by Darcy Burner and other 2008 Democratic congressional candidates , in cooperation with some retired national security officials .
The CCD image sensors can be implemented in several different architectures .
The Care Bears appeared in the 2007 St.Patrick 's Day Parade in Chicago , where , as grand marshal , Good Luck Bear ceremoneously dyed the Chicago River green from a motorboat .
The Charles City Division was dieselized after a tornado destroyed much of the overhead wire on May 15 , 1968 .
The Department has been accredited by the N.B.A. Dr. M. Meenakshi heads the department .
The EMEA region is supported by offices in Paris and Milan , while Kroll 's office in Dubai provides risk consultancy services in the Gulf .
The Flying Saucers did not survive the transition to New Tomorrowland .
The Hartford Fire Department operates out of 12 Fire Stations , which are located throughout the city .
The Harvard Library Board is composed of six permanent members and five rotating members who serve three years each , with their initial terms staggered .
The Heart of a Monkey is a Swahili fairy tale collected by Edward Steere in `` Swahili Tales '' .
The Interdepartmental Program for Film Studies has been organizing the Massachusetts Multicultural Film Festival on campus since 1991 .
The Kingdom of Samaria contained the remaining ten tribes , but following Samaria 's conquest by Assyria , these were allegedly dispersed and lost to history , and henceforth known as the Ten Lost Tribes .
The L16S was an engine that was used in the 910 bluebird Sedan .
The LPP contested a total of 31 ridings under the leadership of Leslie Morris who was defeated in the Toronto riding of Bracondale .
The League of Assassins was founded by Ra 's al Ghul to be `` the fang that protects the head '' .
The Leopard 2 has a torsion bar suspension , and has advanced friction dampers .
The Minton 's recordings were long rumored to feature `` Dizzy '' Gillespie and Thelonious Monk , but that has since been proven untrue , although both were regulars at the jam sessions , with Monk a regular in the Minton 's house band .
The Mission Statement of the school district is as follows : `` Whitney ISD believes that all students are able to learn when given adequate time and appropriate support .
The Northern Rivers has its own orchestra based in Murwillumbah the Northern Rivers Symphony Orchestra as well as the Lismore Symphony Orchestra .
The Original Celtics are often credited with extending the reach of basketball across America and for establishing the importance of aggressive defensive play .
The Pacific Plate , to the west of the fault , is moving in a northwest direction while the North American Plate to the east is moving relatively southeast under the influence of plate tectonics .
The Packers had not lost at Lambeau Field in December since the 1993 season , and the 5-7 Panthers desperately needed a win to keep their playoff hopes alive .
The Portuguese steak , `` bife '' , is a slice of fried beef or pork served in a wine-based sauce with fried potatoes , rice , or salad .
The Red Army and the local revolutionaries took the city from the Georgian forces on 4 March 1921 , and declared Soviet rule .
The Red Wings and Canadiens faced off in four Stanley Cup finals during the 1950s .
The Republic of Palau , split off from the Federated States of Micronesia , became the last to get its independence effectively on 1 October 1994 .
The Romans called such fear of the gods `` superstitio '' .
The Salvation Army does not have bishops but have appointed leaders of geographical areas known as Divisional Commanders .
The Security Wing is responsible for a range of security-related matters including VIP protection , counter-terrorism and security co-ordination .
The Selwyn District as a unit of government was formed in 1989 from a legislated merger of the Malvern and Ellesmere counties , along with a portion of Paparua County .
The Smith-Waterman option provides better accuracy , in that it finds matches that BLAST can not , because it does not miss any information .
The Somerset & Dorset Railway Heritage Trust one day hopes to operate steam trains for a mile up to Chilcompton Tunnel but there remains much to do before this can happen .
The South Quarter of the old city mainly includes the historic covered market and the Canal Cornillon , built during the Middle Ages , in the year 1235 .
The State Chancellory prepared a draft , which was discussed during five sessions of the Council of Ministers , where alterations were made to further strengthen the emperor 's prerogatives at the expense of the new parliament .
The Suebic Semnones and Langobardi rebelled against their king and went over to the Cherusci .
The Sunday schools which became an important feature of Welsh life made a large part of the population literate in Welsh , which was important for the survival of the language as it was not taught in the schools .
The Turkish language belongs to the Oghuz subfamily of Turkic .
The U.S. Highway intersects NC 124 in Crisp and NC 42 and NC 43 east of Pinetops , then parallels the Tar River to Tarboro .
The Undergraduate Admissions Office was transferred from the St. La Salle Hall in July 2006 and is now located on the ground floor of the Gonzalez Hall .
The Venezuelan government declined to appeal the case any further , and in November 1987 Bosch was freed .
The Victoria and Waterloo tunnels were cleared of debris and reflectors placed on the roof after a survey of the tunnels .
The Warrens believed that the cemetery was haunted by a `` white lady '' ghost .
The `` natmandira '' , the spacious congregational hall attached to the `` sanctum '' , resembles a church .
The `` power cepstrum '' was defined in a 1963 paper by Bogert et al. .
The airfield hosted an internationally recognised Air Show for several years .
The airfield provides access to the area for emergency services .
The airport 's first international service was to nearby Busan , South Korea , beginning in 1965 .
The album `` Big City '' was produced by some of the best producers in the American music industry such as Kovas , J Que , Tricky Stewart and Laney Stewart , The CornaBoyz , Pale Face , Desmond Child and Stargate .
The album featured Shy 's biggest hit , `` Break Down The Walls '' , co-written with Don Dokken .
The album is named after the discredited pseudoscience of phrenology , the study of head shapes to determine intelligence and character , which was used to rationalize racism during the 19th century in the United States .
The album reached Britain 's top 75 , with `` Metal Hammer '' magazine being appreciative .
The anthology raised several questions and started many debates on the nature of interstitiality as applied to fiction .
The arc ends with Carl riding the Deep Crow , in an homage to the film The Neverending Story .
The arena hosts shows in music and comedy , sporting events including world championship boxing , tennis , basketball and rodeo events , and corporate meetings , celebrity charity fundraisers and exhibitions .
The balikbayan box is a modern manifestation of the general Philippine practice of `` pasalubong '' , where travellers within or without the country are culturally expected to bring home gifts to family , friends and colleagues .
The band 's 1987 album , `` Excess All Areas '' , was recorded in the Netherlands with producer Neil Kernon .
The building has nine floors with classrooms of different sizes : lecture rooms with the capacity to hold 120 students , regular classrooms that can hold at most 45 students , and small classrooms for 25 students .
The canopy itself was made of Plexiglas and each compartment had its own `` sliding hood '' for the two crew members .
The canopy was split into two sections and joined by a strong welded steel frame .
The carpenter matched the wooden parts together like a pieces of a puzzle .
The cathedral today has five organs in different parts of the cathedral and continues the long tradition of great organs and organists .
The circular portion of the entrance is an intermingling of Ajanta style with Hindu architecture and within it , placing the emblem of the Order is representation of beauty and solemnity .
The city has milder winters than either Regina or Winnipeg , both further south of Edmonton in latitude .
The city of Hartford is protected by 395 professional firefighters of the city of Hartford Fire Department .
The city saw construction of skyscrapers in the skyline .
The city was renamed a few years later , and in 1885 given the name of Arlington , after the colonial center in Virginia .
The cognitive self is made up of everything we know .
The collection also includes recordings made at Clark Monroe 's Uptown House , another late-night jazz haunt in the Harlem of 1941 that include Oran `` Hot Lips '' Page .
The company owns and operates Chromite and Magnesite mines in Balochistan Province .
The comprehensive model was born out of similar experimentation as Brown and Kulik 's , but with a larger participant sample .
The concourse features both a newsagents style shop and a cafe .
The conflict was officially ended by the UNSC Resolution 1701 on 14 August 2006 , which ordered a ceasefire .
The conservation area also encompasses the commercial core of Ladywell along Ladywell Road , known as Ladywell Village , which contains some of the oldest houses and pubs of the area and Edwardian shops that were constructed at the turn of the century in response to the rapidly increasing community around them .
The core weapon system for CNC AFOs is the Heckler & Koch G36 , as well as this all officers are equipped with Glock 17 sidearms .
The county is named for the Marquis de Lafayette , who came to America to join the rebelling English colonies in the American Revolutionary War .
The creek then receives the tributary Wolf Run and immediately afterwards empties into the West Branch Susquehanna River .
The crocodile returns , and ultimately Sunny is eaten .
The data obtained from trials of `` M-401 '' formed a basis for the design of the Project 615 `` Quebec '' - class .
The defile was very narrow , and could have been easily defended .
The distinction between Primary and Secondary groups serves to identify between two orders of social organisation through analysis of the group relationships and their nature .
The district was abolished in 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972 .
The district was created in 1985 by the consolidation of the Delmar and West Lamar School Districts and adopted its present name in 1986 .
The districts of Mozambique are divided into 405 `` postos '' .
The doctor subtly reveals the truth to the king who is content to relinquish Stratonice to Antiochus to save his son 's life and happiness .
The dynastic rule of Wodeyars thereafter ended only with the establishment of democracy in free India .
The economy of the early village was based on fishing and ship building .
The essay influenced Panter 's friend Matt Groening , who later went on to become the creator of `` The Simpsons '' .
The expansion plan has met with objection from some residents of the town , although others are in favour . .
The facades were covered with fresh multicolor paintwork , greatly enhancing the external appearance of the buildings .
The famously-immobile Beuerlein had all of two rushing TDs in his entire 13-year career - both coming from the one-yard line - but Seifert was serious , stating that no one would expect a Beuerlein rush with the game on the line .
The fight resulted in a draw by decision , thus Walcott retained his title .
The film won its director numerous awards including the Carl Foreman Award for Newcomer in British Film at the BAFTA Awards , the Sutherland Trophy at the London Film Festival and the Silver Hugo for Best Director at the Chicago International Film Festival .
The final difference in the material not already plated is that the `` Epilogue , '' and thus Ishmael 's miraculous survival , is omitted from the British edition .
The final or 5th week of the Walden School session is referred to as `` Festival Week '' .
The first European-descended settlement of the village began in 1802 , replacing an unsatisfactory site chosen the previous year .
The first Guildhall was built on the site in 1292 .
The first aired January 6 , 2008 and the second aired January 11 , 2009 .
The first leaf contains a description of the `` Rule of Marteloio '' for resolving the course , with the `` circle and square '' , two tables and two other diagrams .
The first playbill containing her name appeared in 1946 .
The first signs of contacts were reportedly registered during 1989-1990 , when the two groups started collaborating in order to expand their influence .
The first was `` Isabel '' in which Barrie played the title role of Isabel Smith .
The fishing industry was destroyed , as was half of the apple crop .
The flowers have two deeply divided granular pollina and two stigma .
The flywheel effect is the continuation of oscillations in an oscillator circuit after the control stimulus has been removed .
The footage of this crash was so upsetting to Knievel , that he did not show the clip for 19 years until the documentary `` Absolute Evel : The Evel Knievel Story '' .
The formation was constructed to allow for double tracking if necessary , but this never happened .
The group were influenced by Ash Ra Tempel , Hawkwind and Tangerine Dream .
The group were invited to perform at a musical celebration for women 's artistic achievement , ` Hot Jam Cooking ' , in Richmond , Victoria .
The highest temperature recorded within the City of Edmonton was , on June 26 , 2002 .
The ill-fated RMS `` Titanic '' was built there in 1911 .
The influential Foreign Minister Klemens von Metternich also held the post of Chancellor of State from 1821 until 1848 , under both Francis I and his son Ferdinand I. Under Metternich , nationalist revolts in Austrian north Italy and the German states were forcibly crushed .
The investigation prompted the company to recall both SoftRAM and SoftRAM95 from the market in December 1995 .
The island was also affected by the 2006 Pangandaran earthquake and tsunami , when a 7.7-magnitude undersea earthquake occurred off the coast of west Java .
The jump was inspired by the film `` Jaws '' .
The key element of all optical stabilization systems is that they stabilize the image projected on the sensor before the sensor converts the image into digital information .
The lands for the park were donated by Thomas Robinson and his wife in 1904 .
The large majority of mass media in Venezuela remained privately owned , but subject to significant state control .
The larval Battra was drawn to the newly hatched incarnation of Mothra , but was distracted by the presence of Godzilla , who had also been awakened by the meteorite .
The last passengers service ran in 1962 , but the line continued to carry freight .
The late 19th century had a huge impact on developments occurring in the Horn of Africa .
The latter are believed to predate on bush rat and bull shinks .
The literacy rate has increased in recent years : according to the 1994 census , the literacy rate in Ethiopia was 23.4 % , while it was 39 % according to 2007 estimates .
The lodge ceremonial teams bring flair to other events at the council district and unit level .
The lodge provides service to the camps and programs of the Yankee Clipper Council .
The lyrics were dedicated to Tiger JK 's father who was diagnosed with lung cancer a few months before the album was released .
The lyrics were written by their keyboardist Tony Banks .
The majority of them are known to us only from long portions quoted in Byzantine catena-commentaries .
The marriage led to an intimate friendship with Cromwell .
The means to lay their foundation being the outcome of special prayers addressed to the Mother of God during the nine days preceding event of 8 Dec. , 1854 .
The middle sister of three , she was married to French military officer Alphonse Emil Alfred Latrique for a few years .
The missing movements are provided via NC 33 , which the three highways intersect in the center of town .
The name `` SD-6 '' derives from the French , `` Section Disparu '' , which , in character Sydney Bristow 's words , means `` The Section that does n't exist . ''
The name stems from the appearance of the upside-down boat , similar to the carapace , that is the top shell of a sea turtle .
The name was changed to Iowa Terminal Railroad in 1961 when new owners from Michigan took over .
The natural sparkling waters of Duszniki are used in treatment of a variety of illnesses , including cardiac problems , gastrical problems .
The new hybrid system is being designed as a scalable and modular system that could be applied across a variety of Land Rover models and powertrains .
The next night , Necro saved Candice from humiliation at the hands of Tornado before engaging in a Necro Rules Match against Claudio .
The north tower was quickly rebuilt as a stubby , flat-roofed structure .
The number of CGG repeats correlates with penetrance and age of onset .
The number of pupils attending Catholic-managed schools is 163,371 .
The original architecture provides a beautiful setting that attracts shoppers to its businesses .
The pictures of the Dalai Lama were removed from the gompas and shrines of Kelsang Gyatso 's centres .
The plan outlined policy measures the candidates pledged to support in the United States presidential election , 2008 .
The player can cycle between the weapons using the L or R trigger buttons .
The pre-Yom Kippur War Syrian-controlled sector was returned to Syria after the war .
The previously unincorporated communities of Winfield , Okanagan Centre , Oyama , and Carr 's Landing were united to form the new municipality , and they remain as separate wards within it .
The principle behind positive displacement compressors utilizes a turbine to compress refrigerant into high-pressure vapor .
The production won a Peabody Award in April 2007 .
The proposal intends to use wind-driven pumps to inject oxygen into waters at , or around , 130m below sea level .
The provost chairs the Library Board and the Office of the Provost is responsible for overseeing the Harvard Library .
The psychological impact of this first transformation caused Beast to experience short-term amnesia and also made it difficult for him to control his animalistic instincts , which would cause him to slip into an uncontrollable berserker rage during combat .
The race ran to a total of 58 laps , five from the first section and 53 from the second section .
The radio duo 's month-long suspension from XM ended on June 15 , 2007 , when they returned to XM 's airwaves .
The reason she is worshiped with the ancestors is because the beloved dead are her children .
The region has long been geographically isolated , making it a haven for endemic species .
The relationship is that formed by suckling from the breast of a wet nurse , this is what is meant by `` fosterage '' in Islam as in the quotation below .
The religions both share a belief in the virgin birth of Jesus , his miracles and healings , and that he ascended bodily into heaven .
The ride was expensive to operate , maintenance was intensive , and it did not fit the normal Disneyland `` guest flow '' in that a relatively small number of riders was able to participate on any given day .
The rules of evidence were developed over several centuries and are based upon the rules from Anglo-American common law brought to the New World by early settlers .
The running gear consists of seven dual rubber-tyred road wheels and four return rollers per side , with the idler wheel at the front and drive sprocket at the rear .
The same period saw the first outbreaks of sectarian riots , which have recurred regularly since .
The scenes featuring dialogue include the opening scene of Benatar being thrown out of the house by her father and the scene featuring the pimp harassing the female dancer in which she shouts `` Leave me alone ! ''
The school has Church of England traditions , although it accepts girls of all faiths .
The school offers eight honors classes and fifteen Advanced Placement classes .
The second , at Mw 6.4 , occurred on February 24 , 2004 , killing more than 560 people .
The seeds of `` Raphanus sativus '' can be pressed to extract radish seed oil .
The semi-aluminum monocoque chassis was epoxy bonded and riveted with an aluminum honeycomb floor pan , and 5,000 aircraft specification rivets were used in the car 's assembly .
The signatures were witnessed by d'Oyly , who became British Resident and effective governor in the area , and his private secretary James Sutherland .
The similarly titled , `` As on a Darkling Plain '' , by Ben Bova in 1972 also takes its title from this poem .
The spare apparatus fleet comprises six spare engines , three spare ladders , one spare tac , and three spare district chief 's units .
The stadium was confirmed to host the 63rd Miss Universe pageant .
The station complex also has long housed an upper Hudson Line station of the MTA Police .
The stored data can be used to maximize the chance that the best channel to link with a given partner will be chosen first .
The storm caused extensive damage to West Edmonton Mall ; a small glass section of the roof collapsed under the weight of the rainwater , causing water to drain onto the mall 's indoor ice rink .
The streets were not renamed until several decades passed , with Olaf Street eventually changed to Main Street , Kanut Street to Third Street , etc. .
The tank is known as the SV-001 , which not only increases the player 's offense , but considerably adds to their defense .
The team has fielded multiple trucks , usually with sponsorship from Red Line Oil and the Coverall Carports .
The term originated from the Harvard Mark I relay-based computer , which stored instructions on punched tape and data in electro-mechanical counters .
The third is the presence of a community ; small and stable populations with a thick social network and social norms promoting conservation do better .
The third song on that session is `` Do n't Cry No More '' , featuring a faster rhythm , later charted at number 2 on `` Billboard '' R&B .
The title senior administration official is a term used by the American press to indicate the identity of a source while retaining his or her anonymity .
The town is sited on a narrow isthmus , with Lough Currane on the east side of the town , and Ballinskelligs Bay on the west , and the Currane River connecting the two .
The tracks are Diehl 570F tracks , with rubber-bashed end connectors , which have removable rubber pads and use 82 links on each track .
The tracks were removed in 1980 , and the railway embankment is nowadays used as a cycling and hiking path .
The train attendant merely stands and allows her to leave , smiling crookedly while shrugging .
The treatment protocol for TMS includes education , writing about emotional issues and resumption of a normal lifestyle .
The trilogy was released on vinyl by Ipecac Recordings .
The trip took over 49 days , where he averaged 79 miles per day .
The trust operates electric-powered boats from the Granary in Quay Lane , to Great Henny , a few miles downstream .
The two battalions , while sharing a depot , operated as separate units .
The two contestants who survive to round three compete against each other by answering questions valued at $ 300 in season 1 and $ 250 in season 2 .
The two groups `` turned their arms against each other . ''
The uniforms were designed by Canadian fashion designer Debbie Shuchat .
The university also has a class center in Vicksburg .
The university had refused to recognize the chapter as a `` Registered Student Organization '' because the fraternity only accepts men , and would not recognize the chapter as a `` Social Fraternity '' because the fraternity only accepts Christians .
The upper part of the tracks are covered with side skirts , with the first two road wheels and idler covered by an armoured skirt .
The volume allowed is based on the prototype ship 's displacement .
The western end having two round towers flanking a tall central tower was unique in Britain .
The word `` desire '' , best summarises the essential wish , because in Kabbalistic explanation this is desire rooted in God 's essence , above rationality .
The year 1826 saw the arrival of entomologist and Fellow of the Linnean Society of London Alexander Macleay , who , after being appointed New South Wales Colonial Secretary , began lobbying for a museum .
Their cover of Classical Gas , from their eponymous 1969 album , is sampled and featured in the latest Irish & UK Guinness TV Commercials .
Then , built by the LNWR , the branch line to Ashbourne was opened in 1899 .
Then , items that were not approved are called in numerical order unless a supervisor wishes to take items out of order .
There are four boat clubs that row on the River Dee : Aberdeen Boat Club , Aberdeen Schools Rowing Association , Aberdeen University Boat Club and Robert Gordon University Boat Club .
There are four subspecies ; the nominal subspecies found in both the US and Mexico is commonly known as the Texas coral snake .
There are municipal elections every four years since 1990 and regional elections every four years starting in 2000 ; in the autumn .
There are no sites listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Carter County .
There are regattas and head races annually , managed by the Committee of the Dee .
There is a debate within the medical and bioethics literature about whether or not the non-voluntary killing of patients can be regarded as euthanasia , irrespective of intent or the patient 's circumstances .
There is also a boat race held every year between AUBC and RGUBC .
There is no evidence to support claims that a Japanese submarine participated in the sinking of HMAS `` Sydney '' .
There it suffered heavily from cholera in the camps of Varna .
There was much dredging and filling along the river .
There were 401 households of which 37.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 34.7 % were married couples living together , 19.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , 7.5 % had a male householder with no wife present , and 38.7 % were non-families .
There were 408 households out of which 29.7 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 65.9 % were married couples living together , 4.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 26.2 % were non-families .
There were 47 households out of which 17.0 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 46.8 % were married couples living together , 4.3 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 46.8 % were non-families .
There were 760 households out of which 33.8 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.7 % were married couples living together , 7.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.4 % were non-families .
Thereafter , only a packaging machine manufacturer from Gudensberg used the line to ship his wares , and even then only weekly .
Therefore , high levels of knowledge and interest contribute to high levels of personal importance and affect , as well as high frequency of rehearsal .
These agents of the king were recruited from among the masters of requests , the Councillors of State and members of the Parlements or the Court of Accounts .
These are included for completeness , although they are located just across the Dardanelles from the peninsula .
These early machines had data storage entirely contained within the central processing unit , and provided no access to the instruction storage as data .
These events , as well as her sense that she destroyed the bond between Dick and Bruce , caused Barbara 's relationship with Dick to disintegrate and eventually led her to marry Sam Young .
These include all current Airbus , Boeing , Bombardier and Embraer models as well as Helicopters .
These so-called model villages were envisioned as a self-contained community for the factory workers .
These terms also indicate an immediate , not a gradual , tempo change .
They also shot through the burning windows of the church to ensure that no one made it out alive .
They are sometimes criticized as a legal technicality , but are an important part of the system for achieving a just result .
They cover or more in southeastern Washington , eastern Oregon , and southwestern Idaho , and are known to be deep in some river gorges .
They do best in groups of 12 or more .
They get together periodically to discuss issues of concern to them in relation to regeneration plans .
They have had over 60 chart hits in the UK , starting with 1967 's `` Pictures Of Matchstick Men '' , and the most recent being in 2010 , which is more than any other rock group .
They have webbed feet in order to move more easily across desert sand .
They initially appeared in `` Super Robot Wars Compact 2 '' for the WonderSwan game system , and later in its PlayStation 2 remake , `` Super Robot Wars Impact '' , as well as the Nintendo DS game , `` Super Robot Wars K '' .
They joined Division Two of the Yorkshire League in 1968 and were relegated to the newly formed Third Division in 1970 .
They regarded the Blue House Raid and the seizure of the `` Pueblo '' as signs of a North Korean threat that had to be dealt with strongly by both the ROK and the U.S. .
This , and his subsequent stock investments , made him a wealthy man until his personal finances were badly hit by the Crash of 1929 .
This also brings her into regular contact with Robin , on whom she has a bit of a crush .
This also led to the strengthening of other nonconformist denominations , and by the middle of the 19th century Wales was largely Nonconformist in religion .
This entire area has been identified in Maoist literature as the Compact Revolutionary Zone .
This implies physiological properties such as hair color , race , and height etc. ; and psychological properties like beliefs , values , and dislikes to name but a few .
This is an occasional segment generally used as a sort of time-filler or segue .
This is conducted through work projects during induction weekends , fellowship campouts , and special events such as the Arrow of Light weekend and the Webelos Woods program .
This is just one example of the larger debate over the use of anonymous sources in high-profile stories , with many newspapers implementing policies that require the usage of on-the-record sources whenever possible .
This may refer to a lobe of the lung , a lobe of the thyroid , or a lobe of the brain .
This method varies from the BLAST method in two areas , accuracy and speed .
This page explains the principal systems that were used .
This reaction can produce the S enantiomer with > 90 % selectivity .
This sparked a renewed interest in the song causing it to be playlisted on radio .
This study also reveals that young children can be equipped with certain qualities for cognitive operations , depending on how logical the structure of the task is .
This technology is implemented in the lens itself , or by moving the sensor as the final element in the optical path .
This was replaced by a Town Hall in 1752 , built by Isaac Ware , which was demolished in 1893 to make way for the current building .
This win represented the first VHSL State Championship in the history of Tallwood High School 's academic and athletic competitions .
Though this created a strained relationship for many years , Trumbull said after Kubrick 's death that Kubrick `` was a genius '' , someone whom Trumbull missed terribly .
Throughout the 1950s , Turkish Cypriots emigrated for economic reasons and by 1958 their number was estimated to be 8,500 .
Thus , according to Samaritan tradition , the region was named Samaria after them , not vice versa .
To add a few more calories to this dish , an egg , sunny side up , may be placed on top of the meat , in which case the dish acquires a new name , `` bife a cavalo '' .
To be implemented starting school year 2000-2001 are the courses Math 3-A and Math 3-B .
To face this threat , Samuel gathered a large army to face the Byzantines , some claiming it numbered as many as 45,000 soldiers .
To facilitate this , the chancel or `` presbytery '' is longer than usually found in Europe , as are the aisled transepts which contained chapels .
To identify students who may be eligible for special education services , various screening activities are conducted on an ongoing basis .
To the last of Love 's petitions to the parliament , 16 August , he appended a narrative of the whole plot , in which he virtually acknowledges all the charges made against him at the trial .
To the west-northwest is the crater Tacitus , and the lava-flooded Beaumont lies to the east along the shore of Mare Nectaris .
To this they admitted that they had sinned but now they had repented for it and he should do the same .
Today , Parragon operates in more than 35 markets around the world and has offices in 10 countries .
Today it is managed by the Outdoor Programs Office and staffed by Dartmouth College and Dartmouth Outing Club students and recent alumni .
Today most automotive engines use overhead cams , driving a flat tappet to achieve the shortest , lightest weight , and most inelastic path from cam to valve , thereby avoiding elastic elements such as pushrod and rocker arm .
Turkish Cypriot migration to the United Kingdom began in the early 1920s when the British Empire annexed Cyprus in 1914 and the residents of Cyprus became subjects of the Crown .
Two years later , in August 1961 , he broke again the European record in Lodz .
Tyabb Airport has plans to develop and expand its runways and helipads .
Typically the flow rate varies from 30 gallons per hour for the smallest ships to 90GPH for the largest ships .
U.K. Romanichal breeders of the Gypsy Horse have typically called it simply `` Cob '' and `` Coloured Cob '' with a particularly good specimen being a `` proper Cob '' .
UCD finished the 2006 championship as Dublin champions , by beating St Vincents in the final .
Under an Elizabethan statute , the Erection of Cottages Act 1588 , the cottage had to be built with at least of land .
Under the command of two Deputy Chiefs in two Districts , the HFD maintains a fire apparatus fleet of eleven engines , five ladders , one tac unit , one fireboat , one rehab unit , one decon Unit , one foam unit , one fire investigation unit , three Maintenance Units , and numerous other spare apparatus .
Under the direction of President Spencer W. Kimball , the First Presidency and the Twelve removed the policy that denied black people the priesthood but did very little to disrupt the multiple discourses that had fostered the policy in the first place .
Under the strain of the unfulfilled expectations Baako finally breaks .
Unfortunately , because Robin needs to maintain the secrecy of Batman and his allies , Robin is unable to reveal his true identity to Spoiler .
Unlike organized sports , like basketball or football , skateboarding has no set arena or rules and skateparks have no standard design template .
Until 1974 , some southern councils of the Boy Scouts of America were still racially segregated .
Until the beginning January 2010 , HKL was responsible for planning and organising all public transport in Helsinki .
Until the early 1980s , broadcasting in South Africa was state controlled - the sole broadcaster being the SABC .
Until then , governmental interventions had been of a social character , as displayed in the 1832-1914 period , where the major issues were social welfare and the educational system .
Upon excitation of the sample with radio frequency pulse , a nuclear magnetic resonance response - a free induction decay - is obtained .
Upon exiting Wolf Township , the creek enters Muncy Creek Township , where Little Muncy Creek flows into it .
Upon recrystallization of the crude product , the optically pure nitrile can be obtained .
Usually sited at several locations throughout a city , cooling centers are meant to prevent hyperthermia , especially among the elderly without air conditioning at home .
Valdano added that `` Maradona offered to the Argentines a way out of their collective frustration , and that 's why people love him .
Various algorithms exist that solve problems beside the computation of distance between a pair of strings , to solve related types of problems .
Violence against LGBT rights activists still occurs in Russia , as well as in Belarus and Ukraine .
WFIL-TV would change its call letters to WPVI-TV in 1971 after Capital Cities Communications purchased the station from Triangle Publications .
Wallonia is also home to the small German-speaking Community of Belgium in the east , which has its own government and parliament for culture-related issues .
Water molecules involved in this clathrate-like basket around the non-hydrogen-bonding surface are constrained in their orientation .
Water pipes are normally buried below the frost line , or insulated to prevent them from freezing .
Waterville , historically known as Coirean , is a village in County Kerry , Ireland , on the Iveragh Peninsula .
Web-footed geckos , in the genus palmatogecko are two species of Gecko that live in the Namib Desert .
West of the Carmans River near Southaven County Park in South Haven , there was a plan to combine the eastbound service road with Montauk Highway , similar to the Oakdale Merge .
When Beuerlein called the play in the huddle , it elicited more laughter from his offense , followed by criticism of the call , when he told them , `` Hey guys , I 'm serious ... do your job . ''
When BrdU is integrated into DNA , it is supposed that the bromine deforms the minor groove so that Hoechst dyes can not reach their optimal binding site .
When Harald died in 1967 in an air crash , Herbert received more shares in BMW , VARTA and IWKA .
When Harmony Gold decided to reboot the `` Robotech '' universe for the 21st century , much of the `` expanded universe '' material that had been produced for the franchise , like the graphic novel and the `` Sentinels '' storyline , was relegated to a position of secondary continuity , free to be overwritten by new material .
When Myanmar Buddhists go to the pagoda , they know in their hearts that they are treading the noble path to that state where the best of human nature will have a fair chance to manifest itself in deeds of generosity , loving kindness and compassion for one 's fellow beings .
When Radio One took over operations later on , there were plans to give WHTA a simulcast on 107.5 as WTHA until the new owners changed its mind instead and launched its adult urban format there as WAMJ .
When Richard retired in 1960 , he paid tribute to Howe , saying `` Gordie could do everything . ''
When applicable , and with due regard to the safety of the individuals , cast and crew , women and minorities shall be considered for doubling roles and for descript and non-descript stunts on a functional , non-discriminatory basis .
When news of negotiations between the U.S. and North Koreans at Panmunjom became public on 6 February , the Park Administration accused the U.S. of a policy of appeasement .
When running the ball on offense , the runner can control the direction in which the blocker is going .
When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible , the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation .
When the canal was opened to the river in March 1912 large amounts of Everglades muck and finely ground stone from the dredging were washed down the river , silting it .
When the character was brought back in `` First Date '' , the casting directors preferred a younger actress , who could seem more like a vulnerable teenage mother , and hired K.D. Aubert .
When the meatus is not covered by the foreskin , it can rub against urine soaked diapers resulting in inflammation and mechanical trauma .
When the quarterback has the ball the Playmaker Tool can be used to make receivers alter their routes mid-play .
Whenever this happened , he usually received a call shortly thereafter from an irritated Kubrick .
While Ballard recuperates in the hospital , the released spirits , unharmed from the nuclear explosion , attack the city .
While always referring to oneself or the audience by name would be considered strange in English , in Vietnamese it is considered friendly , and is the preferred way to converse among close friends .
While the majority of Bremen 's burghers and city council adopted Calvinism until the 1590s , the chapter , being simultaneously the body of secular government in the neighbouring Prince-Archbishopric , clung to Lutheranism .
While the station was an initial moderate success among the young adult audience in the region , WHTA suffered a setback with its signal coverage .
Wildlife in the area includes the endangered Inyo Mountains Salamander and the Desert Bighorn Sheep .
With Playmaker and the use of the right thumb stick the player is given 4 additional Hot Route options .
With a visual magnitude of 2.63 , it can easily be seen with the naked eye even in areas with substantial light pollution .
With the Great Depression came the change to a feminine ideal of womanliness again .
With the arrival of right-back Lee Dixon late in the season , Thomas was moved forward into midfield for the 1988-89 season .
With the hidden dimension of `` Penimiut haTorah '' the thought describes how , in the purpose of Creation that God chose to take upon Himself , man is needed to fulfil the redemption .
With this in mind , it would be fair to assert that actions concerning the economy were not considered functions of the government before 1914 .
With war with France looming , in March 1678 , Shaftesbury , Buckingham , Holles , and Halifax spoke out in favour of immediately declaring war on France .
Within a month of starting , he was accepted as a dresser at the hospital , assisting surgeons during operations , the equivalent of a junior house surgeon today .
Wynne married Mary Ellen McCabe , daughter of a wealthy construction contractor .
Yet , he rejected an invitation to Terre'Blanche 's funeral , `` I 'm not enamoured of him .
Yisroel Lipkin was born in Zagare , Lithuania on November 3 , 1810 , the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , and his wife Leah .
You can jump over other cars , warp through other cars and even attract your car towards another , but these weapons only affect your car .
Zane has hosted several Acid Test parties since then .
`` After that , they did me no favours in the peloton '' , he said .
`` American Guru : A Story of Love , Betrayal and Healing '' , by William Yenner and other former Cohen student contributors , allege authoritarianism , financial manipulation , physical and psychological abuse in Cohen 's community , and discusses the challenges of healing after leaving the community .
`` Billboard '' ranked it as the No. 15 song for 1975 .
`` Edsall '' was laid down by the William Cramp and Sons Ship and Engine Building Company on 15 September 1919 , launched on 29 July 1920 by Mrs. Bessie Edsall Bracey , sister of Seaman Edsall and commissioned on 26 November 1920 , Commander A. H. Rice in command .
`` For other uses of the word Dati , see Dati . ''
`` I Pity the Fool '' was written by Joe Medwick and became Bland 's second number-one hit on the R&B chart .
`` Impact '' notably features voice acting from the original Japanese voice actors .
`` In 1995 , however , the Supreme Court began taking tentative steps toward resurrecting some of the constitutional limitations on the regulatory state that had been dormant since the 1930s .
`` In the church yard , was a stone , the two ends of which are now remaining , where was interred the body of James Bosvill the King of the Gypsies , who died January 30 , 1708 .
`` My Pretty Pony '' is a short story written by Stephen King and illustrated by the artist Barbara Kruger .
`` Note : Hebert never played in The Open Championship . ''
`` Publish or perish '' is a phrase coined to describe the pressure in academia in the United States to rapidly and continually publish academic work to sustain or further one 's career .
`` T. moorii '' is a very hierarchical species and should only be kept in colony proportions .
`` The Note '' often employs jargon that may be incomprehensible to outsiders .
`` Video Concert Hall '' was also carried on Showtime , the Satellite Program Network - SPN , and was seen worldwide on AFRTS and frequently as video entertainment on commercial airline flights .
`` for these gun-brigs see List of gun-brigs of the Royal Navy ''
and the site was visited by George VI and Queen Elizabeth , the late Queen Mother .
on August 25 , as part of a trade that brought Torrie Wilson and Candice Michelle to `` Raw '' .
published a quarterly literary supplement , `` The Church-Wellesley Review '' , for work by LGBT fiction and poetry writers .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
