These events , as well as her sense that she destroyed the bond between Dick and Bruce , caused Barbara 's relationship with Dick to disintegrate and eventually led her to marry Sam Young .	0.71	to marry	her	Sam Young
These events , as well as her sense that she destroyed the bond between Dick and Bruce , caused Barbara 's relationship with Dick to disintegrate and eventually led her to marry Sam Young .	0.704	destroyed	she	the bond
The second , at Mw 6.4 , occurred on February 24 , 2004 , killing more than 560 people .	0.894	occurred on	The second	February 24 , 2004
The second , at Mw 6.4 , occurred on February 24 , 2004 , killing more than 560 people .	0.699	occurred killing	The second	than 560 people
The external gauge is usually readable directly , and most also incorporate an electronic sender to operate a fuel gauge on the dashboard .	0.834	to operate a fuel gauge on	an electronic sender	the dashboard
The external gauge is usually readable directly , and most also incorporate an electronic sender to operate a fuel gauge on the dashboard .	0.798	to operate	an electronic sender	a fuel gauge
The external gauge is usually readable directly , and most also incorporate an electronic sender to operate a fuel gauge on the dashboard .	0.708	to be operate on	a fuel gauge	the dashboard
The external gauge is usually readable directly , and most also incorporate an electronic sender to operate a fuel gauge on the dashboard .	0.576	is usually directly	The external gauge	readable
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .	0.682	prepares for	he	some practice swings
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .	0.603	dotting	sweat	his brow
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .	0.57	be baseman for	Rennie Stennett	Pittsburgh Pirate
The Warrens believed that the cemetery was haunted by a `` white lady '' ghost .	0.869	was haunted by	the cemetery	a `` white lady '' ghost
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton-in-Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	0.893	was promoted to	she	Section officer
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton-in-Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	0.774	joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force working at	she	the Department of the Chief of Air Staff
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton-in-Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	0.721	joined	she	the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton-in-Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	0.656	joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force in	she	September 1941
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton-in-Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	0.607	be joined in	the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force	September 1941
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton-in-Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	0.532	joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force working as	she	Assistant Section Officer
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton-in-Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	0.483	was promoted in	she	Moreton-in-Marsh
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton-in-Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	0.436	joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force working to	she	Moreton-in-Marsh
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton-in-Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	0.354	joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force	she	September 1941
Salomon Brothers says , `` We believe the real estate properties would trade at a discount ... after the realty unit is spun off ... .	0.799	would trade at	the real estate properties	a discount
According to individuals familiar with the situation , the Frankfurt loss stemmed from a computer program for calculating prices on forward - rate agreements that failed to envision an interest - rate environment where short - term rates were equal to or higher than long - term rates .	0.926	stemmed from	the Frankfurt loss	a computer program
According to individuals familiar with the situation , the Frankfurt loss stemmed from a computer program for calculating prices on forward - rate agreements that failed to envision an interest - rate environment where short - term rates were equal to or higher than long - term rates .	0.843	were	term rates	equal to or higher than long - term rates
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .	0.784	raised	Mr. Wathen	Pinkerton 's rates
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .	0.632	raised	Next	Pinkerton 's rates
For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively . ''	0.721	said for	Jeffrey Kaufman	the record
For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively . ''	0.616	be an attorney for	Jeffrey Kaufman	Fireman 's Fund
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	0.831	was appointed	Hani Zayadi	president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	0.662	be president of	Hani Zayadi	this financially troubled department store chain
Separate berthings and heads are found on sailboats over about .	0.929	are found on	Separate berthings and heads	sailboats
And ABS has formed a partnership with Habitat for Humanity to give a free Bible to each of its new homeowners in the United States .	0.656	has formed	ABS	a partnership to give a free Bible to each of its new homeowners in the United States
Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .	0.916	handcuffed him to	Graner	the bars of a cell window
Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .	0.809	handcuffed	Graner	him
Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .	0.795	left him there for	Graner	nearly five hours
Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .	0.707	be handcuffed to	him	the bars of a cell window
Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .	0.685	dangling off	feet	the floor
Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .	0.602	be left there for	him	nearly five hours
Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .	0.439	left there	Graner	him
The town was previously served by a station on the Somerset and Dorset Railway but this closed in 1966 , and by a second station on the Bristol and North Somerset Railway at Welton in the valley .	0.929	was previously served by	The town	a station
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .	0.739	to be wait then for	three minutes	a dial tone
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .	0.646	's	It	not uncommon
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .	0.56	deals	It	cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .	0.269	deals cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES with	It	cases of fraud
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .	0.806	also was	Mr. Azoff	eager
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .	0.704	had	he	a big financial stake
In 1995 , one of her poems was recorded and presented in Puerto Rico 's `` Centro de Bellas Artes '' , by Puerto Rican musician and singer Roy Brown .	0.901	be presented in	one of her poems	Puerto Rico 's `` Centro de Bellas Artes
In 1995 , one of her poems was recorded and presented in Puerto Rico 's `` Centro de Bellas Artes '' , by Puerto Rican musician and singer Roy Brown .	0.853	was recorded by	one of her poems	Puerto Rican musician and singer Roy Brown
In 1995 , one of her poems was recorded and presented in Puerto Rico 's `` Centro de Bellas Artes '' , by Puerto Rican musician and singer Roy Brown .	0.819	was recorded in	one of her poems	1995
St Buryan has a long history of religious activity both through its historical connection with the church of the state , and later playing an important part in the Methodist revival of the 18th century , led by John Wesley who visited the parish and ministered on several occasions .	0.814	has	St Buryan	a long history of religious activity
St Buryan has a long history of religious activity both through its historical connection with the church of the state , and later playing an important part in the Methodist revival of the 18th century , led by John Wesley who visited the parish and ministered on several occasions .	0.798	ministered on	John Wesley	several occasions
St Buryan has a long history of religious activity both through its historical connection with the church of the state , and later playing an important part in the Methodist revival of the 18th century , led by John Wesley who visited the parish and ministered on several occasions .	0.611	later playing	St Buryan	an important part
St Buryan has a long history of religious activity both through its historical connection with the church of the state , and later playing an important part in the Methodist revival of the 18th century , led by John Wesley who visited the parish and ministered on several occasions .	0.442	be part in	important	the Methodist revival of the 18th century
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .	0.945	drew off at least $ 34 million from	Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family	the thrift
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .	0.931	drew off at least $ 34 million in	Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family	salaries , bonuses and proceeds
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .	0.736	seized it in	federal authorities	this year
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .	0.648	seized	federal authorities	it
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .	0.638	said	Another federal examiner	Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .	0.376	be principal owner of	Charles Keating Jr.	Lincoln
If the government can stick with them , it will be able to halve this year 's 120 billion ruble ( US$ 193 billion ) deficit .	0.62	will be	it	able
If the government can stick with them , it will be able to halve this year 's 120 billion ruble ( US$ 193 billion ) deficit .	0.583	to halve	it	this year 's 120 billion ruble ( US$ 193 billion ) deficit
If the government can stick with them , it will be able to halve this year 's 120 billion ruble ( US$ 193 billion ) deficit .	0.133	can stick with	the government	them
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .	0.841	went on	the pill	the French market
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .	0.616	to browbeat	the National Organization	the U.S. pharmaceutical industry
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .	0.492	have been trying to browbeat	the National Organization	the U.S. pharmaceutical industry
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .	0.346	have been trying in	the National Organization	the year
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .	0.142	be the National Organization for	former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund	Women and its offshoot
Frowin was chosen as the abbey 's first abbot .	0.926	was chosen as	Frowin	the abbey 's first abbot
`` Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue , '' says Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) .	0.59	is spending more time addressing	Business	this issue
`` Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue , '' says Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) .	0.575	is spending	Business	more time
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''	0.793	be reduced from	the misleading expression	original prices
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''	0.788	defended	Richard D. Lewis	the company 's pricing campaign
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''	0.773	did n't use	it	the misleading expression reduced from original prices
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''	0.676	be president of	Richard D. Lewis	the 47 - store chain
There were 47 households out of which 17.0 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 46.8 % were married couples living together , 4.3 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 46.8 % were non-families .	0.932	had children under	17.0 %	the age of 18 living
There were 47 households out of which 17.0 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 46.8 % were married couples living together , 4.3 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 46.8 % were non-families .	0.851	be had under	children	the age of 18 living
There were 47 households out of which 17.0 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 46.8 % were married couples living together , 4.3 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 46.8 % were non-families .	0.793	had	17.0 %	children
There were 47 households out of which 17.0 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 46.8 % were married couples living together , 4.3 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 46.8 % were non-families .	0.782	had	couples living together	a female householder
There were 47 households out of which 17.0 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 46.8 % were married couples living together , 4.3 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 46.8 % were non-families .	0.753	were	46.8 %	non-families
There were 47 households out of which 17.0 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 46.8 % were married couples living together , 4.3 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 46.8 % were non-families .	0.656	were	no husband	non-families
Milk sold to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers averaged $ 14.50 for each hundred pounds , up 50 cents from September and up $ 1.50 from October 1988 , the department said .	0.76	sold to	Milk	the nation 's dairy plants and dealers
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	0.846	had	Keats	a genuine desire to become a doctor
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	0.758	would pursue a lifelong career in	he	medicine
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	0.757	would pursue	he	a lifelong career
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	0.717	had a genuine desire to become a doctor at	Keats	this point
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	0.709	would be pursue in	a lifelong career	medicine
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	0.592	seems in	Keats	Keats 's long and expensive medical training
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	0.552	be had at	a genuine desire to become a doctor	this point
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	0.503	seems in	Keats	it
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	0.402	would pursue a lifelong career assuring	he	financial security
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	0.239	be Keats 's long and expensive medical training at	it	Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	0.239	be Keats 's long and expensive medical training with	it	Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital
Dr. Jagan himself was personally involved in the organization of the strike , and helped to raise funds across the country to it .	0.932	was personally involved in	Dr. Jagan	the organization of the strike
Dr. Jagan himself was personally involved in the organization of the strike , and helped to raise funds across the country to it .	0.558	to be raise across	funds	the country
Dr. Jagan himself was personally involved in the organization of the strike , and helped to raise funds across the country to it .	0.433	to raise to be	funds	it
Other Senators want to lower the down payments required on FHA - insured loans .	0.85	required on	the down payments	FHA
Other Senators want to lower the down payments required on FHA - insured loans .	0.756	want to lower	Other Senators	insured loans
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .	0.868	is rated by	The issue	Moody 's and single - B
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .	0.789	is rated by	The issue	S&P
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .	0.758	is still	their share	minimal
The upper part of the tracks are covered with side skirts , with the first two road wheels and idler covered by an armoured skirt .	0.9	are covered with	The upper part of the tracks	side skirts
The upper part of the tracks are covered with side skirts , with the first two road wheels and idler covered by an armoured skirt .	0.9	are covered with	The upper part of the tracks	the first two road wheels
The upper part of the tracks are covered with side skirts , with the first two road wheels and idler covered by an armoured skirt .	0.85	idler covered by	The upper part of the tracks	an armoured skirt
The upper part of the tracks are covered with side skirts , with the first two road wheels and idler covered by an armoured skirt .	0.355	be part of	upper	the tracks
Though this created a strained relationship for many years , Trumbull said after Kubrick 's death that Kubrick `` was a genius '' , someone whom Trumbull missed terribly .	0.916	said after	Trumbull	Kubrick 's death
Yesterday , Mr. Matthews , now a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston , quipped , `` I think he 'll be very good at that { new job } .	0.785	'll be very good at	he	that { new job }
Yesterday , Mr. Matthews , now a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston , quipped , `` I think he 'll be very good at that { new job } .	0.734	'll be very	he	good
Yesterday , Mr. Matthews , now a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston , quipped , `` I think he 'll be very good at that { new job } .	0.571	quipped in	Mr. Matthews	Yesterday
Popovic holds the status of visiting Scholar at Harriman Institute , one of the most prestigious graduate schools of public policy in the world School of International and Public Affairs at Columbia University .	0.831	holds	Popovic	the status visiting Scholar at Harriman Institute , one of the most prestigious graduate schools of public policy in the world School of International and Public Affairs at Columbia University
Popovic holds the status of visiting Scholar at Harriman Institute , one of the most prestigious graduate schools of public policy in the world School of International and Public Affairs at Columbia University .	0.623	be visiting at	Scholar	Harriman Institute
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	0.84	played for	he	the varsity lacrosse team
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	0.825	graduated from	Kim	Ballard High School
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	0.806	double-majored in	he	Government and English
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	0.783	graduated from	Kim	1989 and from Oberlin College
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	0.737	graduated in	Kim	1989 and from Oberlin College
In television , two episodes of `` Route 66 '' were shot in Minneapolis in 1963 .	0.914	were shot in	Route 66	Minneapolis
In television , two episodes of `` Route 66 '' were shot in Minneapolis in 1963 .	0.909	were shot in	Route 66	1963
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .	0.752	had	The company	no comment
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .	0.847	was a rimshot to	it	the southwest of the city
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .	0.761	was barely hearable in	it	the northern portions of Atlanta
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .	0.688	was barely	it	hearable
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .	0.521	was	it	a rimshot
As the Toa armed themselves with weapons from the Suva 's arsenal , they wondered what to do next .	0.761	armed themselves with	the Toa	weapons
As the Toa armed themselves with weapons from the Suva 's arsenal , they wondered what to do next .	0.622	armed	the Toa	themselves
Not only the plant itself , but the entire living infrastructure were built in a short time .	0.914	were built in	the plant	a short time
With this act , Russia was officially transformed from an absolute monarchy into a constitutional one , though the exact extent of just `` how '' constitutional quickly became the subject of debate , based upon the emperor 's subsequent actions .	0.945	was officially transformed from	Russia	an absolute monarchy
With this act , Russia was officially transformed from an absolute monarchy into a constitutional one , though the exact extent of just `` how '' constitutional quickly became the subject of debate , based upon the emperor 's subsequent actions .	0.901	was officially transformed into	Russia	a constitutional one
With this act , Russia was officially transformed from an absolute monarchy into a constitutional one , though the exact extent of just `` how '' constitutional quickly became the subject of debate , based upon the emperor 's subsequent actions .	0.866	was officially transformed though	Russia	the exact extent of just `` how '' constitutional quickly became the subject of debate based upon the emperor 's subsequent actions
With this act , Russia was officially transformed from an absolute monarchy into a constitutional one , though the exact extent of just `` how '' constitutional quickly became the subject of debate , based upon the emperor 's subsequent actions .	0.81	was officially transformed with	Russia	this act
With this act , Russia was officially transformed from an absolute monarchy into a constitutional one , though the exact extent of just `` how '' constitutional quickly became the subject of debate , based upon the emperor 's subsequent actions .	0.752	be based upon	the exact extent of just `` how '' constitutional quickly became the subject of debate	the emperor 's subsequent actions
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .	0.772	chose	Peabody	a Quotron subsidiary
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .	0.751	chose	Co.	a Quotron subsidiary
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .	0.735	noted	The spokeswoman	Peabody
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .	0.734	noted	The spokeswoman	Kidder
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .	0.731	noted	The spokeswoman	Co.
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .	0.722	chose	Kidder	a Quotron subsidiary
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .	0.644	be the securities subsidiary of	Kidder	General Electric Co.
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .	0.31	chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services in	Peabody	last week
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .	0.285	chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services in	Co.	last week
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .	0.255	chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services in	Kidder	last week
Bruce himself ultimately confessed to their relationship after finding out that he had gotten Barbara pregnant ; furthermore , he wanted to be involved in the life of their child .	0.898	ultimately confessed to	Bruce	their relationship
Computers have allowed for fairly accurate acceleration modeling of valve-train systems .	0.94	have allowed for	Computers	accurate acceleration modeling of valve-train systems
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .	0.881	would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to	No doctor who fears malpractice liability	the risk of hemorrhaging
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .	0.808	would likely expose	No doctor who fears malpractice liability	a non - pregnant patient
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .	0.772	would be likely expose to	a non - pregnant patient	the risk of hemorrhaging
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .	0.674	be fears by	malpractice liability	No doctor
Produced in Australia , it starred the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team '' - Dannii Minogue , Vince Del Tito , Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall , and a new member , black teenager Keith Williams , who was imported from Los Angeles .	0.79	starred the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team	Produced	Dannii Minogue , Vince Del Tito , Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall , and a new member , black teenager Keith Williams , who was imported from Los Angeles
Produced in Australia , it starred the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team '' - Dannii Minogue , Vince Del Tito , Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall , and a new member , black teenager Keith Williams , who was imported from Los Angeles .	0.742	starred Vince Del Tito	Produced	the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team
Produced in Australia , it starred the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team '' - Dannii Minogue , Vince Del Tito , Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall , and a new member , black teenager Keith Williams , who was imported from Los Angeles .	0.695	starred Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall	Produced	the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team
Produced in Australia , it starred the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team '' - Dannii Minogue , Vince Del Tito , Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall , and a new member , black teenager Keith Williams , who was imported from Los Angeles .	0.667	starred the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team	it	Dannii Minogue , Vince Del Tito , Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall , and a new member , black teenager Keith Williams , who was imported from Los Angeles
Produced in Australia , it starred the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team '' - Dannii Minogue , Vince Del Tito , Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall , and a new member , black teenager Keith Williams , who was imported from Los Angeles .	0.605	starred Vince Del Tito	it	the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team
Produced in Australia , it starred the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team '' - Dannii Minogue , Vince Del Tito , Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall , and a new member , black teenager Keith Williams , who was imported from Los Angeles .	0.547	starred Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall	it	the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team
Produced in Australia , it starred the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team '' - Dannii Minogue , Vince Del Tito , Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall , and a new member , black teenager Keith Williams , who was imported from Los Angeles .	0.528	starred Dannii Minogue , Vince Del Tito , Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall ,	Produced	the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team
Produced in Australia , it starred the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team '' - Dannii Minogue , Vince Del Tito , Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall , and a new member , black teenager Keith Williams , who was imported from Los Angeles .	0.416	starred a new member , black teenager Keith Williams , who was imported from Los Angeles	Produced	the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team
Produced in Australia , it starred the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team '' - Dannii Minogue , Vince Del Tito , Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall , and a new member , black teenager Keith Williams , who was imported from Los Angeles .	0.373	starred Dannii Minogue , Vince Del Tito , Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall ,	it	the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team
Produced in Australia , it starred the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team '' - Dannii Minogue , Vince Del Tito , Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall , and a new member , black teenager Keith Williams , who was imported from Los Angeles .	0.355	be senior members of	current	the `` Young Talent Team
Produced in Australia , it starred the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team '' - Dannii Minogue , Vince Del Tito , Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall , and a new member , black teenager Keith Williams , who was imported from Los Angeles .	0.355	be members of	senior	the `` Young Talent Team
Produced in Australia , it starred the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team '' - Dannii Minogue , Vince Del Tito , Natalie Miller , Lorena Novoa , Beven Addinsall , and a new member , black teenager Keith Williams , who was imported from Los Angeles .	0.275	starred a new member , black teenager Keith Williams , who was imported from Los Angeles	it	the current senior members of the `` Young Talent Team
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it created for Japanese investors .	0.869	created for	it	Japanese investors
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it created for Japanese investors .	0.735	had	Blackstone Group	no trouble
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it created for Japanese investors .	0.287	had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it created for Japanese investors in	Blackstone Group	this year
As of `` A Wind in the Door '' , Sandy aspires to become a banker , on the grounds that it is practical and lucrative .	0.48	is	it	practical and lucrative
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .	0.607	WILL HOLD	BUSH	two days of informal talks
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .	0.593	WILL HOLD	GORBACHEV	two days of informal talks
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss and an invited audience could hear the work performed .	0.803	did however permit	The Nazis	a single dress rehearsal conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss and an invited audience could hear the work performed .	0.784	be conducted by	a single dress rehearsal	Clemens Krauss
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss and an invited audience could hear the work performed .	0.73	be conducted on	a single dress rehearsal	16 August
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss and an invited audience could hear the work performed .	0.667	could hear	Strauss and an invited audience	the work
He is also a skilled traditional artist : painting , sculpting , making flutes , bead working , and feather working .	0.744	is also	He	a skilled traditional artist : painting , sculpting , making flutes , bead working , and feather working
The 2005 `` Devils & Dust '' album used scatterings of Federici , Scialfa , and Tyrell , while the 2006 Sessions Band Tour used Scialfa and Tyrell among the largely numbered backing musicians .	0.74	used	the 2006 Sessions	Scialfa and Tyrell
During this time he was occasionally depicted with claws and fangs , but these were not a part of his original mutation .	0.84	was occasionally depicted with	he	claws and fangs
During this time he was occasionally depicted with claws and fangs , but these were not a part of his original mutation .	0.655	was occasionally depicted during	he	this time
Instead of having system calls specifically for process management , Plan 9 provides the codice_13 file system .	0.618	provides	process management	the codice_13 file system
Even its own members , initially including agent Sydney Bristow , believe it is a black ops division of the CIA ; and only a handful of senior staff know the truth and are complicit in the deception .	0.928	are complicit in	a handful of senior staff	the deception
Even its own members , initially including agent Sydney Bristow , believe it is a black ops division of the CIA ; and only a handful of senior staff know the truth and are complicit in the deception .	0.901	are complicit in	its own members	the deception
Even its own members , initially including agent Sydney Bristow , believe it is a black ops division of the CIA ; and only a handful of senior staff know the truth and are complicit in the deception .	0.887	is a black ops division of	it	the CIA
Even its own members , initially including agent Sydney Bristow , believe it is a black ops division of the CIA ; and only a handful of senior staff know the truth and are complicit in the deception .	0.71	know	a handful of senior staff	the truth
Even its own members , initially including agent Sydney Bristow , believe it is a black ops division of the CIA ; and only a handful of senior staff know the truth and are complicit in the deception .	0.673	is	it	a black ops division of the CIA
Even its own members , initially including agent Sydney Bristow , believe it is a black ops division of the CIA ; and only a handful of senior staff know the truth and are complicit in the deception .	0.632	know	its own members	the truth
Even its own members , initially including agent Sydney Bristow , believe it is a black ops division of the CIA ; and only a handful of senior staff know the truth and are complicit in the deception .	0.456	be only a handful of	complicit	senior staff
Even its own members , initially including agent Sydney Bristow , believe it is a black ops division of the CIA ; and only a handful of senior staff know the truth and are complicit in the deception .	0.321	be Even its own members including	complicit	agent Sydney Bristow
Even its own members , initially including agent Sydney Bristow , believe it is a black ops division of the CIA ; and only a handful of senior staff know the truth and are complicit in the deception .	0.194	be Even members including	own	agent Sydney Bristow
Notable incidents alleging the use of the shoot-to-kill policy include the Loughgall ambush , Operation Flavius in Gibraltar , and an incident in Strabane .	0.834	include	Notable incidents	the Loughgall ambush , Operation Flavius in Gibraltar , and an incident
Since Muslims believe only in the worship of a strictly monotheistic God who never assumed human flesh , they do not accept the use of icons , and see this as shirk .	0.839	do not accept	they	the use of icons
Since Muslims believe only in the worship of a strictly monotheistic God who never assumed human flesh , they do not accept the use of icons , and see this as shirk .	0.799	believe in	Muslims	the worship of a strictly monotheistic God
Since Muslims believe only in the worship of a strictly monotheistic God who never assumed human flesh , they do not accept the use of icons , and see this as shirk .	0.786	do see this as	they	shirk
Elinor Ostrom , who was awarded 2009 's Nobel Prize of Economics for her work on the issue , and her colleagues looked at how real-world communities manage communal resources , such as fisheries , land irrigation systems , and farmlands , and they identified a number of factors conducive to successful resource management .	0.904	identified	they	a number of factors conducive
Elinor Ostrom , who was awarded 2009 's Nobel Prize of Economics for her work on the issue , and her colleagues looked at how real-world communities manage communal resources , such as fisheries , land irrigation systems , and farmlands , and they identified a number of factors conducive to successful resource management .	0.834	identified	Elinor Ostrom , who was awarded 2009 's Nobel Prize of Economics for her work on the issue , and her colleagues	a number of factors conducive
Elinor Ostrom , who was awarded 2009 's Nobel Prize of Economics for her work on the issue , and her colleagues looked at how real-world communities manage communal resources , such as fisheries , land irrigation systems , and farmlands , and they identified a number of factors conducive to successful resource management .	0.795	looked as	Elinor Ostrom , who was awarded 2009 's Nobel Prize of Economics for her work on the issue , and her colleagues	fisheries , land irrigation systems , and farmlands
Elinor Ostrom , who was awarded 2009 's Nobel Prize of Economics for her work on the issue , and her colleagues looked at how real-world communities manage communal resources , such as fisheries , land irrigation systems , and farmlands , and they identified a number of factors conducive to successful resource management .	0.711	manage	real-world communities	communal resources
Elinor Ostrom , who was awarded 2009 's Nobel Prize of Economics for her work on the issue , and her colleagues looked at how real-world communities manage communal resources , such as fisheries , land irrigation systems , and farmlands , and they identified a number of factors conducive to successful resource management .	0.641	looked as	they	fisheries , land irrigation systems , and farmlands
Mrs. Marcos 's trial is expected to begin in March .	0.802	to begin in	Mrs. Marcos 's trial	March
Premark International Inc. , for example , peddles the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator , a $ 2,000 stationary cycle .	0.798	peddles	Premark International Inc.	the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator
Premark International Inc. , for example , peddles the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator , a $ 2,000 stationary cycle .	0.397	peddles the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator , a $ 2,000 stationary cycle for	Premark International Inc.	example
In a proposed amendment of the party 's constitution by a delegate to hold an early leadership review of Tim Hudak , McCreadie indicated that Party President Richard Ciano should accept the same review if the motion was passed .	0.774	indicated of	McCreadie	Party President Richard Ciano
In a proposed amendment of the party 's constitution by a delegate to hold an early leadership review of Tim Hudak , McCreadie indicated that Party President Richard Ciano should accept the same review if the motion was passed .	0.731	should accept	Party President Richard Ciano	the same review
While the composite index lost less than a third of its year - to - date gains in the market 's recent decline , the technology group 's gains were more than halved .	0.768	lost less a third its year to	the composite index	date gains
While the composite index lost less than a third of its year - to - date gains in the market 's recent decline , the technology group 's gains were more than halved .	0.753	were	the technology group 's gains	halved
While the composite index lost less than a third of its year - to - date gains in the market 's recent decline , the technology group 's gains were more than halved .	0.425	lost less a third its year at	the composite index	date gains
The player can cycle between the weapons using the L or R trigger buttons .	0.723	can be cycle between	The player	the weapons using the L or R trigger buttons
He was buried at a private ceremony at Three Rivers , California , near his old cattle ranch , La Cuesta .	0.688	was buried La Cuesta at	He	a private ceremony
He was buried at a private ceremony at Three Rivers , California , near his old cattle ranch , La Cuesta .	0.481	was buried	He	La Cuesta
He was buried at a private ceremony at Three Rivers , California , near his old cattle ranch , La Cuesta .	0.287	was buried La Cuesta in	He	a private ceremony
After five months , the Leake government failed , and the governor eventually invited Alf Morgans of the Ministerial Party to form a government and appoint a six-member Ministry .	0.919	eventually invited Alf Morgans of	the Leake government	the Ministerial Party
After five months , the Leake government failed , and the governor eventually invited Alf Morgans of the Ministerial Party to form a government and appoint a six-member Ministry .	0.919	eventually invited Alf Morgans of	the governor	the Ministerial Party
After five months , the Leake government failed , and the governor eventually invited Alf Morgans of the Ministerial Party to form a government and appoint a six-member Ministry .	0.847	be eventually invited of	Alf Morgans	the Ministerial Party
After five months , the Leake government failed , and the governor eventually invited Alf Morgans of the Ministerial Party to form a government and appoint a six-member Ministry .	0.807	eventually invited	the Leake government	Alf Morgans
After five months , the Leake government failed , and the governor eventually invited Alf Morgans of the Ministerial Party to form a government and appoint a six-member Ministry .	0.807	eventually invited	the governor	Alf Morgans
After five months , the Leake government failed , and the governor eventually invited Alf Morgans of the Ministerial Party to form a government and appoint a six-member Ministry .	0.708	failed after	the Leake government	five months
After five months , the Leake government failed , and the governor eventually invited Alf Morgans of the Ministerial Party to form a government and appoint a six-member Ministry .	0.708	failed after	the governor	five months
After five months , the Leake government failed , and the governor eventually invited Alf Morgans of the Ministerial Party to form a government and appoint a six-member Ministry .	0.677	eventually invited Alf Morgans to appoint	the Leake government	a six-member Ministry
After five months , the Leake government failed , and the governor eventually invited Alf Morgans of the Ministerial Party to form a government and appoint a six-member Ministry .	0.677	eventually invited Alf Morgans to appoint	the governor	a six-member Ministry
After five months , the Leake government failed , and the governor eventually invited Alf Morgans of the Ministerial Party to form a government and appoint a six-member Ministry .	0.639	eventually invited Alf Morgans to form	the Leake government	a government
After five months , the Leake government failed , and the governor eventually invited Alf Morgans of the Ministerial Party to form a government and appoint a six-member Ministry .	0.639	eventually invited Alf Morgans to form	the governor	a government
It is the promise of economic returns that is supposed to make the corporatist model attractive to both the party and labor .	0.868	is the promise of	It	economic returns
It is the promise of economic returns that is supposed to make the corporatist model attractive to both the party and labor .	0.634	is	It	the promise of economic returns
It is the promise of economic returns that is supposed to make the corporatist model attractive to both the party and labor .	0.583	be attractive to	the corporatist model	the party and labor
In the summer , the lodge also houses the Trail Crew , a crew of Dartmouth Outing Club students who help maintain the seventeen Dartmouth Cabins & 50 miles of Appalachian trail between Hanover and the Lodge itself .	0.716	also houses	the lodge	the Trail Crew
In the summer , the lodge also houses the Trail Crew , a crew of Dartmouth Outing Club students who help maintain the seventeen Dartmouth Cabins & 50 miles of Appalachian trail between Hanover and the Lodge itself .	0.661	be a crew of	the Trail Crew	Dartmouth Outing Club students
In the summer , the lodge also houses the Trail Crew , a crew of Dartmouth Outing Club students who help maintain the seventeen Dartmouth Cabins & 50 miles of Appalachian trail between Hanover and the Lodge itself .	0.381	also houses the Trail Crew , a crew of Dartmouth Outing Club students who help maintain the seventeen Dartmouth Cabins & 50 miles of Appalachian trail between Hanover and the Lodge itself in	the lodge	the summer
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be `` lost . ''	0.633	have been watching	Heathrow authorities	a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be `` lost . ''	0.622	have been watching for	a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers	some time
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be `` lost . ''	0.385	have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for	Heathrow authorities	some time
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .	0.778	wo n't be clear for	It	months
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .	0.554	wo be	It	n't be clear
There is also a boat race held every year between AUBC and RGUBC .	0.858	held between	a boat race	AUBC and RGUBC
There is also a boat race held every year between AUBC and RGUBC .	0.804	held in	a boat race	every year
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .	0.788	is almost	A similar technique	impossible
Zane has hosted several Acid Test parties since then .	0.81	has hosted	Zane	several Acid Test parties
Fans reacted to the news of the suspension by canceling their XM Radio subscriptions , with some fans even going as far as smashing their XM units .	0.866	reacted to	Fans	the news of the suspension
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner .	0.803	covers in	Pennzoil 's poison pill	five years
The flowers have two deeply divided granular pollina and two stigma .	0.767	have	The flowers	two deeply divided granular pollina and two stigma
Larger boats and ships generally have multiple decks and compartments .	0.756	generally have	Larger boats and ships	multiple decks and compartments
After practicing law locally , he was elected to his first 10 - year term as judge in 1971 ; in 1981 , he was effectively re - elected .	0.801	was elected to	he	his first 10
After practicing law locally , he was elected to his first 10 - year term as judge in 1971 ; in 1981 , he was effectively re - elected .	0.473	was effectively re in	he	1981
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''	0.712	will have	the arbitrator 's ruling	any overall material effect
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''	0.401	be any overall material effect on	the arbitrator 's ruling	the company 's strategic plan
Even though he knew about voice acting , Scott pursued the theater .	0.671	pursued	Scott	the theater
Even though he knew about voice acting , Scott pursued the theater .	0.671	Even knew about	he	voice acting
New car dealerships also sell used cars , and take in trade-ins and/or purchase used vehicles at auction .	0.768	be purchase at	used vehicles	auction
New car dealerships also sell used cars , and take in trade-ins and/or purchase used vehicles at auction .	0.709	also sell used	New car dealerships	cars
New car dealerships also sell used cars , and take in trade-ins and/or purchase used vehicles at auction .	0.591	sell take in	New car dealerships	trade-ins
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .	0.785	likes	Drexel	Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .	0.636	likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , among	Drexel	gold stocks
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .	0.547	likes Newmont Gold Co. among	Drexel	gold stocks
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .	0.488	likes Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co among	Drexel	gold stocks
In 1987 , Tony Croatto , a popular Puerto Rican folksinger , discovered one of her children poems and converted it into a musical hit .	0.819	converted it into	Tony Croatto	a musical hit
In 1987 , Tony Croatto , a popular Puerto Rican folksinger , discovered one of her children poems and converted it into a musical hit .	0.789	discovered	Tony Croatto	one of her children poems
In 1987 , Tony Croatto , a popular Puerto Rican folksinger , discovered one of her children poems and converted it into a musical hit .	0.735	be converted into	it	a musical hit
In 1987 , Tony Croatto , a popular Puerto Rican folksinger , discovered one of her children poems and converted it into a musical hit .	0.721	discovered one of her children poems in	Tony Croatto	1987
In 1987 , Tony Croatto , a popular Puerto Rican folksinger , discovered one of her children poems and converted it into a musical hit .	0.661	converted	Tony Croatto	it
In 1987 , Tony Croatto , a popular Puerto Rican folksinger , discovered one of her children poems and converted it into a musical hit .	0.551	be discovered in	one of her children poems	1987
In 1987 , Tony Croatto , a popular Puerto Rican folksinger , discovered one of her children poems and converted it into a musical hit .	0.426	discovered one of her children poems	Tony Croatto	1987
He developed an interest in comedy in the Army after expanding on a singing performance for other servicemen .	0.761	developed	He	an interest
Latchford viaduct was opened on 8 July 1893 to carry the London and North Western Railway 's Stockport to Warrington line over the Manchester Ship Canal .	0.925	was opened on	Latchford viaduct	8 July 1893
Latchford viaduct was opened on 8 July 1893 to carry the London and North Western Railway 's Stockport to Warrington line over the Manchester Ship Canal .	0.63	was opened in	Latchford viaduct	8 July 1893
Status-wise , the bordar or cottager ranked below a serf in the social hierarchy of a manor , holding a cottage , garden and just enough land to feed a family .	0.93	ranked below	Status-wise	a serf
Status-wise , the bordar or cottager ranked below a serf in the social hierarchy of a manor , holding a cottage , garden and just enough land to feed a family .	0.926	ranked below	the bordar or cottager	a serf
Status-wise , the bordar or cottager ranked below a serf in the social hierarchy of a manor , holding a cottage , garden and just enough land to feed a family .	0.59	ranked holding	Status-wise	a cottage , garden and just enough land to feed a family
Status-wise , the bordar or cottager ranked below a serf in the social hierarchy of a manor , holding a cottage , garden and just enough land to feed a family .	0.575	ranked holding	the bordar or cottager	a cottage , garden and just enough land to feed a family
When Harmony Gold decided to reboot the `` Robotech '' universe for the 21st century , much of the `` expanded universe '' material that had been produced for the franchise , like the graphic novel and the `` Sentinels '' storyline , was relegated to a position of secondary continuity , free to be overwritten by new material .	0.834	to reboot the `` Robotech '' universe for	Harmony Gold	the 21st century
When Harmony Gold decided to reboot the `` Robotech '' universe for the 21st century , much of the `` expanded universe '' material that had been produced for the franchise , like the graphic novel and the `` Sentinels '' storyline , was relegated to a position of secondary continuity , free to be overwritten by new material .	0.831	to reboot	Harmony Gold	the `` Robotech '' universe
When Harmony Gold decided to reboot the `` Robotech '' universe for the 21st century , much of the `` expanded universe '' material that had been produced for the franchise , like the graphic novel and the `` Sentinels '' storyline , was relegated to a position of secondary continuity , free to be overwritten by new material .	0.712	decided much the `` expanded universe '' material that had been produced the franchise to reboot the `` Robotech '' universe for	Harmony Gold	the 21st century
When Harmony Gold decided to reboot the `` Robotech '' universe for the 21st century , much of the `` expanded universe '' material that had been produced for the franchise , like the graphic novel and the `` Sentinels '' storyline , was relegated to a position of secondary continuity , free to be overwritten by new material .	0.709	to be reboot for	the `` Robotech '' universe	the 21st century
When Harmony Gold decided to reboot the `` Robotech '' universe for the 21st century , much of the `` expanded universe '' material that had been produced for the franchise , like the graphic novel and the `` Sentinels '' storyline , was relegated to a position of secondary continuity , free to be overwritten by new material .	0.641	decided much the `` expanded universe '' material that had been produced the franchise to reboot	Harmony Gold	the `` Robotech '' universe
A skilled detective and crime fighter , Dare 's adventures appeared in `` Whiz Comics '' during the title 's earliest years .	0.875	appeared during	A skilled detective and crime fighter , Dare 's adventures	the title 's earliest years
A skilled detective and crime fighter , Dare 's adventures appeared in `` Whiz Comics '' during the title 's earliest years .	0.86	appeared in	A skilled detective and crime fighter , Dare 's adventures	Whiz Comics
Son of Spencer H. Kim , an aerospace company executive and internationalist , Kim and his wife , Kati , owned two retail stores in San Francisco .	0.701	owned	Son of Spencer H. Kim	two retail stores
Son of Spencer H. Kim , an aerospace company executive and internationalist , Kim and his wife , Kati , owned two retail stores in San Francisco .	0.609	owned in	Son of Spencer H. Kim	San Francisco
Oya 's close association with the passage from life into death also means she is one of the only Orisha who is venerated alongside the Egungun , whose cult is most often kept separate from that of the Orisha .	0.705	is	she	one of the only Orisha
Oya 's close association with the passage from life into death also means she is one of the only Orisha who is venerated alongside the Egungun , whose cult is most often kept separate from that of the Orisha .	0.549	is most often kept in	whose cult	the Egungun
Outdoor professionals usually prefer either synthetic fill , or natural fill , and they have debated the merits of these materials for years .	0.876	have debated	they	the merits of these materials
Outdoor professionals usually prefer either synthetic fill , or natural fill , and they have debated the merits of these materials for years .	0.866	have debated the merits of these materials for	they	years
Outdoor professionals usually prefer either synthetic fill , or natural fill , and they have debated the merits of these materials for years .	0.731	have debated	Outdoor professionals	the merits of these materials
Outdoor professionals usually prefer either synthetic fill , or natural fill , and they have debated the merits of these materials for years .	0.713	have debated the merits of these materials for	Outdoor professionals	years
Outdoor professionals usually prefer either synthetic fill , or natural fill , and they have debated the merits of these materials for years .	0.583	usually prefer have	Outdoor professionals	either synthetic fill , or natural fill
Outdoor professionals usually prefer either synthetic fill , or natural fill , and they have debated the merits of these materials for years .	0.473	usually prefer have	they	either synthetic fill , or natural fill
`` See also : Grand Duke of Luxembourg , List of Prime Ministers of Luxembourg ''	0.301	be Grand Duke of	List of Prime Ministers of Luxembourg	Luxembourg
Mr. Bickwit said , `` I can see why an S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities , '' but said the overseas investments `` essentially broke even '' for the S&L .	0.828	essentially broke even for	the overseas investments	the S&L
Mr. Bickwit said , `` I can see why an S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities , '' but said the overseas investments `` essentially broke even '' for the S&L .	0.749	would regard these as	an S&L examiner	unusual activities
Mr. Bickwit said , `` I can see why an S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities , '' but said the overseas investments `` essentially broke even '' for the S&L .	0.69	said of	Mr. Bickwit	I
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world - wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners .	0.773	may rattle	the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army	foreigners
A vigorous English-speaking middle class was now the dominant cultural force ; a number of its members were influenced by political or cultural nationalism , and some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language .	0.926	were influenced by	a number of its members	political or cultural nationalism
A vigorous English-speaking middle class was now the dominant cultural force ; a number of its members were influenced by political or cultural nationalism , and some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language .	0.719	was now	A vigorous English-speaking middle class	the dominant cultural force
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .	0.778	declared	FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp.	a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .	0.282	approves this as	the Securities and Exchange Commission	the effective date of the registration statement
They are sometimes criticized as a legal technicality , but are an important part of the system for achieving a just result .	0.926	are sometimes criticized as	They	a legal technicality
They are sometimes criticized as a legal technicality , but are an important part of the system for achieving a just result .	0.591	are part of	important	the system
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .	0.652	are getting up from	more Americans	the television
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .	0.61	is	the percentage of Americans	only 10 % to 20 %
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .	0.605	applauds	she	the fact
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .	0.297	be the percentage of	only 10 % to 20 %	Americans
Habitat destruction , damming of upland rivers , pollution and in some cases overfishing for food or the pet trade have driven some Cypriniformes to the brink of extinction or even beyond .	0.571	overfishing for	some cases	food or the pet trade
Habitat destruction , damming of upland rivers , pollution and in some cases overfishing for food or the pet trade have driven some Cypriniformes to the brink of extinction or even beyond .	0.352	damming have of	pollution	upland rivers
It also concluded that `` SoftRAM95 does not increase RAM in a computer using Windows 95 ; nor does the product enhance the speed , capacity , or other performance measures of a computer using Windows 95 '' .	0.835	does not increase RAM in	SoftRAM95	a computer using Windows 95
It also concluded that `` SoftRAM95 does not increase RAM in a computer using Windows 95 ; nor does the product enhance the speed , capacity , or other performance measures of a computer using Windows 95 '' .	0.797	does not increase	SoftRAM95	RAM
It also concluded that `` SoftRAM95 does not increase RAM in a computer using Windows 95 ; nor does the product enhance the speed , capacity , or other performance measures of a computer using Windows 95 '' .	0.668	does enhance	the product	the speed , capacity , or other performance measures of a computer
It also concluded that `` SoftRAM95 does not increase RAM in a computer using Windows 95 ; nor does the product enhance the speed , capacity , or other performance measures of a computer using Windows 95 '' .	0.613	does not increase in	RAM	a computer using Windows 95
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .	0.815	typically takes from	It	eight to 10 years
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .	0.566	be the cost of	It	testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .	0.511	typically takes to obtain	It	the Food and Drug Administration 's approval
It finally closed to all traffic in July 1985 , when it was deemed too expensive to make extensive repairs to keep Latchford viaduct operational .	0.866	finally closed to	It	all traffic
It finally closed to all traffic in July 1985 , when it was deemed too expensive to make extensive repairs to keep Latchford viaduct operational .	0.775	finally closed in	It	July 1985
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .	0.739	will be offer through	15 % to 20 % of the contract	an initial public offering
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .	0.7	will offer	it	15 % to 20 % of the contract
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .	0.641	will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through	it	an initial public offering
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .	0.36	15 % to be 20 % of	it	the contract
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .	0.636	could tolerate	Washington	a reasonably sophisticated , complex view
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .	0.62	would be	it	nice
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .	0.569	would be	nothing	nice
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .	0.373	be nothing in	nice	the least contradictory
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .	0.866	were flat for	Japanese sales	most of that time
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .	0.777	were	Japanese sales	flat
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .	0.697	have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since	American PC sales	1984 and West European sales
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .	0.696	have averaged	American PC sales	annual growth
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .	0.87	liberated the U.S. from	he	one of the world 's most corrupt organizations
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .	0.808	be liberated from	the U.S.	one of the world 's most corrupt organizations
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .	0.75	liberated	he	the U.S.
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .	0.292	liberated the U.S. in	he	fact
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .	0.25	be liberated in	the U.S.	fact
On the official site 's forums , Seven Seas Entertainment staff has confirmed a concluding third volume will be published , most likely in the form of a collective omnibus to introduce new readers to the worlds of Last Hope .	0.761	to introduce to be	new readers	the worlds of Last Hope
On the official site 's forums , Seven Seas Entertainment staff has confirmed a concluding third volume will be published , most likely in the form of a collective omnibus to introduce new readers to the worlds of Last Hope .	0.572	has confirmed on	Seven Seas Entertainment staff	the official site 's forums
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .	0.853	would have on	the proposal	their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .	0.813	may take	Mr. Phelan	a more public role
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .	0.74	formulates	the Big Board	its responses
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .	0.598	be a more public role in	Mr. Phelan	the issue
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .	0.445	may take a more public role in the issue in	Mr. Phelan	coming days
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .	0.298	may be take in	a more public role	coming days
The storm caused extensive damage to West Edmonton Mall ; a small glass section of the roof collapsed under the weight of the rainwater , causing water to drain onto the mall 's indoor ice rink .	0.922	collapsed under	a small glass section of the roof	the weight of the rainwater
The storm caused extensive damage to West Edmonton Mall ; a small glass section of the roof collapsed under the weight of the rainwater , causing water to drain onto the mall 's indoor ice rink .	0.867	caused	The storm	extensive damage
The storm caused extensive damage to West Edmonton Mall ; a small glass section of the roof collapsed under the weight of the rainwater , causing water to drain onto the mall 's indoor ice rink .	0.729	collapsed causing	a small glass section of the roof	water to drain onto the mall 's indoor ice rink
Instead , much of numerical analysis is concerned with obtaining approximate solutions while maintaining reasonable bounds on errors .	0.674	be maintaining on	reasonable bounds	errors
The first Guildhall was built on the site in 1292 .	0.925	was built on	The first Guildhall	the site
The stations were both called `` Midsomer Norton and Welton '' ; under British Railways , the S&D station was renamed as Midsomer Norton South after a short period as Midsomer Norton Upper ; and is currently being restored with occasional open weekends with engines in steam .	0.914	was renamed as	the S&D station	Midsomer Norton South
The stations were both called `` Midsomer Norton and Welton '' ; under British Railways , the S&D station was renamed as Midsomer Norton South after a short period as Midsomer Norton Upper ; and is currently being restored with occasional open weekends with engines in steam .	0.906	was renamed after	the S&D station	a short period
The stations were both called `` Midsomer Norton and Welton '' ; under British Railways , the S&D station was renamed as Midsomer Norton South after a short period as Midsomer Norton Upper ; and is currently being restored with occasional open weekends with engines in steam .	0.797	is currently being restored with	The stations	occasional open weekends
The stations were both called `` Midsomer Norton and Welton '' ; under British Railways , the S&D station was renamed as Midsomer Norton South after a short period as Midsomer Norton Upper ; and is currently being restored with occasional open weekends with engines in steam .	0.553	was renamed in	the S&D station	British Railways
Building codes sometimes take frost depth into account because of frost heaving which can damage buildings by moving their foundations .	0.81	sometimes take frost depth because of	Building codes	frost heaving which can damage buildings by moving their foundations
Building codes sometimes take frost depth into account because of frost heaving which can damage buildings by moving their foundations .	0.809	sometimes take frost depth into	Building codes	account
Building codes sometimes take frost depth into account because of frost heaving which can damage buildings by moving their foundations .	0.741	sometimes take	Building codes	frost depth
Each September , the twenty four mile stretch of the River Stour hosts hundreds of canoe and small boat enthusiasts in a weekend event called `` Sudbury To The Sea '' , which finishes at Cattawade .	0.709	finishes at	The Sea	Cattawade
Each September , the twenty four mile stretch of the River Stour hosts hundreds of canoe and small boat enthusiasts in a weekend event called `` Sudbury To The Sea '' , which finishes at Cattawade .	0.694	hosts hundreds of canoe and small boat enthusiasts in	Each September	Sudbury
Each September , the twenty four mile stretch of the River Stour hosts hundreds of canoe and small boat enthusiasts in a weekend event called `` Sudbury To The Sea '' , which finishes at Cattawade .	0.585	be the twenty four mile stretch of	Each September	the River Stour
Each September , the twenty four mile stretch of the River Stour hosts hundreds of canoe and small boat enthusiasts in a weekend event called `` Sudbury To The Sea '' , which finishes at Cattawade .	0.567	hosts hundreds of canoe and small boat enthusiasts to	Each September	The Sea
Each September , the twenty four mile stretch of the River Stour hosts hundreds of canoe and small boat enthusiasts in a weekend event called `` Sudbury To The Sea '' , which finishes at Cattawade .	0.531	hosts	Each September	hundreds of canoe
For the past five years , unions have n't managed to win wage increases as large as those granted to nonunion workers .	0.785	have n't managed to win	unions	wage increases as large
For the past five years , unions have n't managed to win wage increases as large as those granted to nonunion workers .	0.572	have n't managed for	unions	the past five years
For much of its current history , any member who failed in an assassination was in turn targeted by the League .	0.927	was in	any member who failed in an assassination	turn targeted by the League
For much of its current history , any member who failed in an assassination was in turn targeted by the League .	0.783	failed in	any member	an assassination
For much of its current history , any member who failed in an assassination was in turn targeted by the League .	0.501	be targeted by	turn	the League
Watson was the founder and editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	0.777	be editor of	Watson	newcritics .com
Watson was the founder and editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	0.756	was	Watson	the founder and editor of `` newcritics .com
Watson was the founder and editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	0.641	be launched in	media and arts criticism	January , 2007
His first break came with an appearance on the CBS `` House Party '' television program hosted by Art Linkletter ; thereafter , he teamed with David Blaylock as the singing duo of `` Guy & David '' , which led to a recording contract with ABC Records .	0.936	came with	His first break	an appearance
His first break came with an appearance on the CBS `` House Party '' television program hosted by Art Linkletter ; thereafter , he teamed with David Blaylock as the singing duo of `` Guy & David '' , which led to a recording contract with ABC Records .	0.854	led to	Guy	a recording contract
His first break came with an appearance on the CBS `` House Party '' television program hosted by Art Linkletter ; thereafter , he teamed with David Blaylock as the singing duo of `` Guy & David '' , which led to a recording contract with ABC Records .	0.757	thereafter teamed as	he	the singing duo of `` Guy
His first break came with an appearance on the CBS `` House Party '' television program hosted by Art Linkletter ; thereafter , he teamed with David Blaylock as the singing duo of `` Guy & David '' , which led to a recording contract with ABC Records .	0.751	thereafter teamed with	he	David Blaylock
His first break came with an appearance on the CBS `` House Party '' television program hosted by Art Linkletter ; thereafter , he teamed with David Blaylock as the singing duo of `` Guy & David '' , which led to a recording contract with ABC Records .	0.62	be hosted by	the CBS `` House Party '' television program	Art Linkletter
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .	0.829	would travel by	most people	car
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .	0.828	hops on	old Mike Sinyard	a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif . , office
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .	0.712	dons cycling clothes in	old Mike Sinyard	Every workday
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .	0.709	sets out to cover	old Mike Sinyard	a distance most people would travel only by car
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .	0.663	keeps at	he	his Morgan Hill
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .	0.654	dons	old Mike Sinyard	cycling clothes
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .	0.536	dons cycling clothes in	old Mike Sinyard	year
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .	0.752	be posed by	the challenges	foreign consortia
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .	0.661	have proliferated in	Joint	Japan
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .	0.644	seek to spread to	U.S. companies	the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .	0.611	have proliferated in	research programs	Japan
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .	0.386	seek to to meet	U.S. companies	the challenges posed by foreign consortia
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''	0.677	said in	yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney	Rome
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''	0.433	said to	Rome	yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''	0.375	said	yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney	Rome
Kay states that another result of these `` radically exclusive policies '' was that after the foundation of NKT the Manjushri Institute Library , with over 3000 books , was removed .	0.731	was removed after	another result of these `` radically exclusive policies	the foundation of NKT the Manjushri Institute Library
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .	0.642	wo n't tell	they	you
The means to lay their foundation being the outcome of special prayers addressed to the Mother of God during the nine days preceding event of 8 Dec. , 1854 .	0.928	addressed to	the outcome of special prayers	the Mother of God
The means to lay their foundation being the outcome of special prayers addressed to the Mother of God during the nine days preceding event of 8 Dec. , 1854 .	0.891	being the outcome of	their foundation	special prayers
Avery Inc. said it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business .	0.807	completed	it	the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co.
Avery Inc. said it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business .	0.712	be led by	a group	management of Uniroyal Chemical Co.
Avery Inc. said it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business .	0.4	be main business of	Uniroyal Chemical Co.	the unit
The first part , consisting of $ 151 million of 13 3\/4 % senior subordinated reset notes , was priced at 99.75 .	0.935	was priced at	The first part consisting of $ 151 million of 13 3\/4 % senior subordinated reset notes	99.75
Males had a median income of $ 28,750 versus $ 16,250 for females .	0.861	had	Males	a median income of $ 28,750
In practice , the peak areas are then not proportional to the stoichiometry ; only the presence , but not the amount of functional groups is possible to discern .	0.787	are then not proportional to	the peak areas	the stoichiometry
In practice , the peak areas are then not proportional to the stoichiometry ; only the presence , but not the amount of functional groups is possible to discern .	0.735	is	the amount of functional groups	possible
In practice , the peak areas are then not proportional to the stoichiometry ; only the presence , but not the amount of functional groups is possible to discern .	0.572	are then not proportional in	the peak areas	practice
In practice , the peak areas are then not proportional to the stoichiometry ; only the presence , but not the amount of functional groups is possible to discern .	0.399	be the amount of	possible	functional groups
It is widely used to study cholinergic neurotransmission in simple systems such as the nematode `` C. elegans '' .	0.702	to study cholinergic neurotransmission in	It	simple systems
It is widely used to study cholinergic neurotransmission in simple systems such as the nematode `` C. elegans '' .	0.698	to study	It	cholinergic neurotransmission
It is widely used to study cholinergic neurotransmission in simple systems such as the nematode `` C. elegans '' .	0.658	to be study in	cholinergic neurotransmission	simple systems
They remained together into their elderly ages for more than 40 years only to marry in 2000 .	0.918	remained together into	They	their elderly ages
They remained together into their elderly ages for more than 40 years only to marry in 2000 .	0.87	remained together only to marry in	They	2000
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .	0.83	underscored	The new data	the severity of the nation 's health
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second .	0.795	flips it to	Bert Campaneris	second
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second .	0.789	effortlessly scoops up	Bert Campaneris	a groundball
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second .	0.621	flips	Bert Campaneris	it
Millais painted daily into the winter putting lamps under the tub to warm the water .	0.93	painted daily into	Millais	the winter putting lamps
Millais painted daily into the winter putting lamps under the tub to warm the water .	0.925	painted daily under	Millais	the tub to warm the water
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .	0.797	have been among	Republicans	its leading champions
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .	0.716	wants to kill	the White House	the entire program
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .	0.425	have been at	Republicans	a time
The band 's 1987 album , `` Excess All Areas '' , was recorded in the Netherlands with producer Neil Kernon .	0.94	was recorded in	The band 's 1987 album	the Netherlands
The band 's 1987 album , `` Excess All Areas '' , was recorded in the Netherlands with producer Neil Kernon .	0.913	was recorded with	The band 's 1987 album	producer Neil Kernon
Behind the head there is an orange or yellow collar , usually interrupted on the midline , followed by a blackish blotch on the nape .	0.849	be followed by	an orange or yellow collar usually interrupted on the midline	a blackish blotch
Behind the head there is an orange or yellow collar , usually interrupted on the midline , followed by a blackish blotch on the nape .	0.667	is behind	an orange or yellow collar usually interrupted on the midline followed by a blackish blotch on the nape	the head
During the latter , Springsteen mentioned he did plan to work with the E Street Band again in the future , but was vague about details .	0.728	mentioned during	Springsteen	the latter
During the latter , Springsteen mentioned he did plan to work with the E Street Band again in the future , but was vague about details .	0.722	did	he	plan to work with the E Street Band again in the future
During the latter , Springsteen mentioned he did plan to work with the E Street Band again in the future , but was vague about details .	0.664	mentioned	Springsteen	he
On January 29 , 2008 , he signed a minor league deal with the Houston Astros , who invited him to spring training .	0.806	signed a minor league deal with	he	the Houston Astros
On January 29 , 2008 , he signed a minor league deal with the Houston Astros , who invited him to spring training .	0.75	signed	he	a minor league deal
On January 29 , 2008 , he signed a minor league deal with the Houston Astros , who invited him to spring training .	0.724	be signed with	a minor league deal	the Houston Astros
On January 29 , 2008 , he signed a minor league deal with the Houston Astros , who invited him to spring training .	0.601	signed a minor league deal on	he	January 29 , 2008
On January 29 , 2008 , he signed a minor league deal with the Houston Astros , who invited him to spring training .	0.55	be signed on	a minor league deal	January 29 , 2008
On January 29 , 2008 , he signed a minor league deal with the Houston Astros , who invited him to spring training .	0.257	signed a minor league deal in	he	January 29 , 2008
In microcomputers , SWTPC 's 6800 and 6809 machines used TSC 's FLEX disk operating system , Radio Shack 's TRS-80 machines used TRS-DOS , their Color Computer used OS-9 , and most of the Intel 8080 based machines from IMSAI , MITS , Cromemco , North Star , etc. , used the CP/M -80 disk operating system .	0.842	used	their Color Computer	OS-9
In microcomputers , SWTPC 's 6800 and 6809 machines used TSC 's FLEX disk operating system , Radio Shack 's TRS-80 machines used TRS-DOS , their Color Computer used OS-9 , and most of the Intel 8080 based machines from IMSAI , MITS , Cromemco , North Star , etc. , used the CP/M -80 disk operating system .	0.81	used	their Color Computer	the CP/M -80 disk operating system
In microcomputers , SWTPC 's 6800 and 6809 machines used TSC 's FLEX disk operating system , Radio Shack 's TRS-80 machines used TRS-DOS , their Color Computer used OS-9 , and most of the Intel 8080 based machines from IMSAI , MITS , Cromemco , North Star , etc. , used the CP/M -80 disk operating system .	0.782	used	Radio Shack 's TRS-80 machines	OS-9
In microcomputers , SWTPC 's 6800 and 6809 machines used TSC 's FLEX disk operating system , Radio Shack 's TRS-80 machines used TRS-DOS , their Color Computer used OS-9 , and most of the Intel 8080 based machines from IMSAI , MITS , Cromemco , North Star , etc. , used the CP/M -80 disk operating system .	0.754	used	most of the Intel 8080 based machines	the CP/M -80 disk operating system
In microcomputers , SWTPC 's 6800 and 6809 machines used TSC 's FLEX disk operating system , Radio Shack 's TRS-80 machines used TRS-DOS , their Color Computer used OS-9 , and most of the Intel 8080 based machines from IMSAI , MITS , Cromemco , North Star , etc. , used the CP/M -80 disk operating system .	0.744	used	SWTPC 's 6800 and 6809 machines	TSC 's FLEX disk operating system
In microcomputers , SWTPC 's 6800 and 6809 machines used TSC 's FLEX disk operating system , Radio Shack 's TRS-80 machines used TRS-DOS , their Color Computer used OS-9 , and most of the Intel 8080 based machines from IMSAI , MITS , Cromemco , North Star , etc. , used the CP/M -80 disk operating system .	0.742	used	Radio Shack 's TRS-80 machines	the CP/M -80 disk operating system
In microcomputers , SWTPC 's 6800 and 6809 machines used TSC 's FLEX disk operating system , Radio Shack 's TRS-80 machines used TRS-DOS , their Color Computer used OS-9 , and most of the Intel 8080 based machines from IMSAI , MITS , Cromemco , North Star , etc. , used the CP/M -80 disk operating system .	0.637	used	most of the Intel 8080 based machines	OS-9
In microcomputers , SWTPC 's 6800 and 6809 machines used TSC 's FLEX disk operating system , Radio Shack 's TRS-80 machines used TRS-DOS , their Color Computer used OS-9 , and most of the Intel 8080 based machines from IMSAI , MITS , Cromemco , North Star , etc. , used the CP/M -80 disk operating system .	0.633	be the Intel 8080 based machines from	Cromemco	IMSAI
In microcomputers , SWTPC 's 6800 and 6809 machines used TSC 's FLEX disk operating system , Radio Shack 's TRS-80 machines used TRS-DOS , their Color Computer used OS-9 , and most of the Intel 8080 based machines from IMSAI , MITS , Cromemco , North Star , etc. , used the CP/M -80 disk operating system .	0.556	used TSC 's FLEX disk operating system in	SWTPC 's 6800 and 6809 machines	microcomputers
In microcomputers , SWTPC 's 6800 and 6809 machines used TSC 's FLEX disk operating system , Radio Shack 's TRS-80 machines used TRS-DOS , their Color Computer used OS-9 , and most of the Intel 8080 based machines from IMSAI , MITS , Cromemco , North Star , etc. , used the CP/M -80 disk operating system .	0.435	be the Intel 8080 based machines from	MITS	IMSAI
In microcomputers , SWTPC 's 6800 and 6809 machines used TSC 's FLEX disk operating system , Radio Shack 's TRS-80 machines used TRS-DOS , their Color Computer used OS-9 , and most of the Intel 8080 based machines from IMSAI , MITS , Cromemco , North Star , etc. , used the CP/M -80 disk operating system .	0.431	be the Intel 8080 based machines from	IMSAI	etc
In microcomputers , SWTPC 's 6800 and 6809 machines used TSC 's FLEX disk operating system , Radio Shack 's TRS-80 machines used TRS-DOS , their Color Computer used OS-9 , and most of the Intel 8080 based machines from IMSAI , MITS , Cromemco , North Star , etc. , used the CP/M -80 disk operating system .	0.415	be the Intel 8080 based machines from	IMSAI	North Star
But it could also help American companies , which also are starting to try to open the market .	0.626	could also help	it	American companies
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .	0.591	to to reach sometime next month in December	the market	a low
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .	0.808	will need to close	the nation 's No. 3 auto maker	one or two of its assembly plants
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .	0.788	to close	the nation 's No. 3 auto maker	one or two of its assembly plants
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .	0.736	will need because of	the nation 's No. 3 auto maker	the slowdown hitting the industry
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .	0.639	said of	Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca	the nation 's No. 3 auto maker
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .	0.851	did n't return	Mr. Wakeman	calls
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .	0.677	agreed in	a federal appeals court	May
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .	0.86	made	the judge , now 59 years old	imperial demands
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .	0.859	made imperial demands on	the judge , now 59 years old	his staff
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .	0.832	said in	court employees	testimony recorded in the grand jury report
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .	0.752	said	court employees	the judge , now 59 years old
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .	0.75	harassed	the judge , now 59 years old	his secretaries
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .	0.726	hounded	the judge , now 59 years old	anyone who crossed him
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .	0.718	be made on	imperial demands	his staff
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .	0.706	be recorded in	testimony	the grand jury report
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .	0.467	said to	testimony recorded in the grand jury report	court employees
`` I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS - Phillips & Drew .	0.57	have	Ford	a free run
`` I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS - Phillips & Drew .	0.562	ca n't believe	I	they
`` I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS - Phillips & Drew .	0.56	be a European auto industry analyst at	Stephen Reitman	UBS - Phillips
The lodge provides service to the camps and programs of the Yankee Clipper Council .	0.885	provides service to	The lodge	the camps and programs of the Yankee Clipper Council
The lodge provides service to the camps and programs of the Yankee Clipper Council .	0.807	provides	The lodge	service
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .	0.885	Two years ago joined under	most of the smaller makers	the Microsoft Corp. umbrella
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .	0.816	Two years ago joined to adopt	most of the smaller makers	a version of the American IBM AT standard
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .	0.761	also reported	It	a 2.6 % decline
They get together periodically to discuss issues of concern to them in relation to regeneration plans .	0.881	get together periodically to discuss	They	issues of concern
They get together periodically to discuss issues of concern to them in relation to regeneration plans .	0.86	get together periodically to discuss issues of concern in	They	relation
They get together periodically to discuss issues of concern to them in relation to regeneration plans .	0.856	get together periodically to discuss issues of concern to	They	them
They get together periodically to discuss issues of concern to them in relation to regeneration plans .	0.739	to be discuss in	issues of concern	relation
They get together periodically to discuss issues of concern to them in relation to regeneration plans .	0.666	to discuss to be	issues of concern	them
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .	0.574	are looking for	We	representation
In this case the infant is regarded in Islam as having the same degree of affinity as in consanguinity and therefore prohibited in marriage when he grows up to those related to the wet nurse by the same degree as if to his own mother .	0.914	is regarded in	the infant	Islam
In this case the infant is regarded in Islam as having the same degree of affinity as in consanguinity and therefore prohibited in marriage when he grows up to those related to the wet nurse by the same degree as if to his own mother .	0.797	is regarded in	the infant	this case
Sometimes extra payments were specified by which a freed slave could liberate himself from these residual duties .	0.834	could liberate himself from	a freed slave	these residual duties
Sometimes extra payments were specified by which a freed slave could liberate himself from these residual duties .	0.772	could be liberate from	himself	these residual duties
Sometimes extra payments were specified by which a freed slave could liberate himself from these residual duties .	0.74	could liberate	a freed slave	himself
Several individual customers filed suit against the company as well .	0.793	filed suit as well against	Several individual customers	the company
Several individual customers filed suit against the company as well .	0.734	filed as well	Several individual customers	suit
Several individual customers filed suit against the company as well .	0.659	be filed as well against	suit	the company
Instead he awoke when a smaller meteorite hit the Earth in 1992 , seven years too early .	0.87	hit the Earth in	a smaller meteorite	1992
Instead he awoke when a smaller meteorite hit the Earth in 1992 , seven years too early .	0.782	hit	a smaller meteorite	the Earth
Instead he awoke when a smaller meteorite hit the Earth in 1992 , seven years too early .	0.724	be hit in	the Earth	1992
Instead he awoke when a smaller meteorite hit the Earth in 1992 , seven years too early .	0.599	hit the Earth	a smaller meteorite	1992
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .	0.812	illustrate	language U.S. newspapers	the scope of this financial drain
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	0.795	featured	The following tour	extensive dates
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	0.771	featured extensive dates in	The following tour	East Asia
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	0.74	played	the group	Tokyo
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	0.5	be Southeast Asia including	The following tour	Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam
He played Perker in the 1985 adaptation of `` The Pickwick Papers '' .	0.86	played Perker in	He	the 1985 adaptation of `` The Pickwick Papers
He played Perker in the 1985 adaptation of `` The Pickwick Papers '' .	0.811	be played in	Perker	the 1985 adaptation of `` The Pickwick Papers
He played Perker in the 1985 adaptation of `` The Pickwick Papers '' .	0.745	played	He	Perker
Various algorithms exist that solve problems beside the computation of distance between a pair of strings , to solve related types of problems .	0.851	be solve beside	problems	the computation of distance
Kay goes on to state that , `` this began with non-Gelug books being removed , but as Geshe Kelsang 's vision crystallised , even books by Gelug teachers became unacceptable to him and the library disappeared altogether .	0.78	became	books	unacceptable
Kay goes on to state that , `` this began with non-Gelug books being removed , but as Geshe Kelsang 's vision crystallised , even books by Gelug teachers became unacceptable to him and the library disappeared altogether .	0.557	became unacceptable as	books	Geshe Kelsang 's vision
Kay goes on to state that , `` this began with non-Gelug books being removed , but as Geshe Kelsang 's vision crystallised , even books by Gelug teachers became unacceptable to him and the library disappeared altogether .	0.338	be even books by	unacceptable	Gelug teachers
As Attorney General he clashed with Daniel O'Connell when he insisted , against O'Connell 's wishes , on the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .	0.793	clashed with	he	Daniel O'Connell
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''	0.877	dutifully recorded the sale under	The dealership	the name
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''	0.837	dutifully recorded	The dealership	the sale
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''	0.736	be dutifully recorded under	the sale	the name
The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .	0.838	breaks through	the crocodile	a wall and devours Annabelle
The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .	0.807	reach	The rest of the group	a small shop where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff
The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .	0.747	attempts to phone	Brady	the Sheriff
Within two hours , viewers pledged over $ 400,000 , according to a Red Cross executive .	0.628	pledged over $ 400,000 within	viewers	two hours
For the same reason , they do not worship or pray to Muhammad , Jesus , or any other prophets ; only to God .	0.711	do not worship to	they	God
For the same reason , they do not worship or pray to Muhammad , Jesus , or any other prophets ; only to God .	0.668	do not worship for	they	the same reason
In stock - index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index futures and options .	0.834	buy	traders	large amounts of stocks
In stock - index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index futures and options .	0.73	buy large amounts of stocks with	traders	offsetting trades
The company owns and operates Chromite and Magnesite mines in Balochistan Province .	0.797	operates	The company	Chromite and Magnesite mines
Superboy-Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now-weakened Anti-Monitor , flew through the Anti-Monitor 's chest and hurled his shattered body into space .	0.909	hurled his shattered body into	the now-weakened Anti-Monitor	space
Superboy-Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now-weakened Anti-Monitor , flew through the Anti-Monitor 's chest and hurled his shattered body into space .	0.888	flew through	the now-weakened Anti-Monitor	the Anti-Monitor 's chest
Superboy-Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now-weakened Anti-Monitor , flew through the Anti-Monitor 's chest and hurled his shattered body into space .	0.861	be hurled into	his shattered body	space
Superboy-Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now-weakened Anti-Monitor , flew through the Anti-Monitor 's chest and hurled his shattered body into space .	0.815	hurled	the now-weakened Anti-Monitor	his shattered body
After rest and rehabilitation , the 34th landed at the Anzio beachhead 25 March 1944 .	0.863	landed at	the 34th	the Anzio
After rest and rehabilitation , the 34th landed at the Anzio beachhead 25 March 1944 .	0.708	landed after	the 34th	rest and rehabilitation
After rest and rehabilitation , the 34th landed at the Anzio beachhead 25 March 1944 .	0.522	landed in	the 34th	the Anzio
Its average daily temperatures range from a low of in January to a summer peak of in July .	0.917	range from	Its average daily temperatures	a low of
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .	0.863	were n't allowed because of	We	competitive reasons
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .	0.685	to do	We	any due diligence
It is offered by the flagship banks of New York 's Manufacturers Hanover Corp. in the one - year maturity only .	0.859	is offered only by	It	the flagship banks of New York 's Manufacturers Hanover Corp.
It is offered by the flagship banks of New York 's Manufacturers Hanover Corp. in the one - year maturity only .	0.601	is offered only in	It	one - year maturity
Falun Gong 's teachings are compiled from Li 's lectures , and Li holds definitional power in that belief system .	0.894	are compiled from	Falun Gong 's teachings	Li 's lectures
Falun Gong 's teachings are compiled from Li 's lectures , and Li holds definitional power in that belief system .	0.731	holds definitional power in	Li	that belief system
Falun Gong 's teachings are compiled from Li 's lectures , and Li holds definitional power in that belief system .	0.605	holds	Li	definitional power
There it suffered heavily from cholera in the camps of Varna .	0.859	suffered heavily from	it	cholera
Opposition research also has its origins in military planning , as evident in such ancient texts as `` The Art of War '' , published in the 5th century B.C. by Sun Tzu .	0.841	be published in	The Art of War	the 5th century B.C.
The Acrolepiidae family of moths are also known as False Diamondback moths .	0.914	are also known as	The Acrolepiidae family of moths	False Diamondback moths
Nikki 's first appearance , in `` Fool for Love '' , was a fight scene with no dialogue ; she was portrayed by stuntwoman April Weeden-Washington .	0.911	was a fight scene with	Nikki 's first appearance	no dialogue
Nikki 's first appearance , in `` Fool for Love '' , was a fight scene with no dialogue ; she was portrayed by stuntwoman April Weeden-Washington .	0.911	was a fight scene in	Nikki 's first appearance	Fool
Nikki 's first appearance , in `` Fool for Love '' , was a fight scene with no dialogue ; she was portrayed by stuntwoman April Weeden-Washington .	0.893	was portrayed by	she	stuntwoman April Weeden-Washington
Nikki 's first appearance , in `` Fool for Love '' , was a fight scene with no dialogue ; she was portrayed by stuntwoman April Weeden-Washington .	0.779	was	Nikki 's first appearance	a fight scene
It appeared that the split that Kim Il-Sung hoped to create between the ROK and the U.S. was becoming a reality .	0.898	appeared that	It	the split that Kim Il-Sung hoped to create between the ROK and the U.S. was becoming a reality
It appeared that the split that Kim Il-Sung hoped to create between the ROK and the U.S. was becoming a reality .	0.516	was becoming	the ROK and the U.S.	a reality
In 1179 , Pope Alexander III elevated the Abbot to a Canon and confirmed the Abbots title to Courtelary .	0.895	confirmed the Abbots title to	Pope Alexander III	Courtelary
In 1179 , Pope Alexander III elevated the Abbot to a Canon and confirmed the Abbots title to Courtelary .	0.881	elevated the Abbot to	Pope Alexander III	a Canon
In 1179 , Pope Alexander III elevated the Abbot to a Canon and confirmed the Abbots title to Courtelary .	0.842	confirmed	Pope Alexander III	the Abbots title
In 1179 , Pope Alexander III elevated the Abbot to a Canon and confirmed the Abbots title to Courtelary .	0.842	elevated	Pope Alexander III	the Abbot
In 1179 , Pope Alexander III elevated the Abbot to a Canon and confirmed the Abbots title to Courtelary .	0.752	be confirmed to	the Abbots title	Courtelary
In 1179 , Pope Alexander III elevated the Abbot to a Canon and confirmed the Abbots title to Courtelary .	0.728	elevated the Abbot in	Pope Alexander III	1179
In 1179 , Pope Alexander III elevated the Abbot to a Canon and confirmed the Abbots title to Courtelary .	0.724	be elevated to	the Abbot	a Canon
In 1179 , Pope Alexander III elevated the Abbot to a Canon and confirmed the Abbots title to Courtelary .	0.55	be elevated in	the Abbot	1179
The first leaf contains a description of the `` Rule of Marteloio '' for resolving the course , with the `` circle and square '' , two tables and two other diagrams .	0.789	contains	The first leaf	a description of the `` Rule of Marteloio
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .	0.675	be executing in	an average of 18.1 million shares	such trades
Nancy Craig , advertising manager for the Red Cross , readily admits `` they 're piggybacking on our reputation . ''	0.698	're piggybacking on	they	our reputation
Nancy Craig , advertising manager for the Red Cross , readily admits `` they 're piggybacking on our reputation . ''	0.574	be advertising manager for	Nancy Craig	the Red Cross
HTB 's aim is for an Alpha course to be accessible to anyone who would like to attend the course , and in this way HTB seeks to spread the teachings of Christianity .	0.828	is for	HTB 's aim	an Alpha course
HTB 's aim is for an Alpha course to be accessible to anyone who would like to attend the course , and in this way HTB seeks to spread the teachings of Christianity .	0.687	seeks to spread	HTB	the teachings of Christianity
HTB 's aim is for an Alpha course to be accessible to anyone who would like to attend the course , and in this way HTB seeks to spread the teachings of Christianity .	0.639	seeks to spread	HTB 's aim	the teachings of Christianity
HTB 's aim is for an Alpha course to be accessible to anyone who would like to attend the course , and in this way HTB seeks to spread the teachings of Christianity .	0.55	seeks in	HTB 's aim	this way
HTB 's aim is for an Alpha course to be accessible to anyone who would like to attend the course , and in this way HTB seeks to spread the teachings of Christianity .	0.425	seeks in	HTB	this way
HTB 's aim is for an Alpha course to be accessible to anyone who would like to attend the course , and in this way HTB seeks to spread the teachings of Christianity .	0.424	is for	HTB	an Alpha course
The region has long been geographically isolated , making it a haven for endemic species .	0.707	be a haven for	it	endemic species
In Japan , those functions account for only about a third of the software market .	0.857	account for	those functions	only about a third of the software market
In Japan , those functions account for only about a third of the software market .	0.532	account in	those functions	Japan
During the 1730s Britain 's relationship with Spain had slowly declined .	0.371	be Britain 's relationship with	the 1730s	Spain
In its first year , the tourney was known as the USF&G New Orleans Open , but was retitled the USF&G Classic in 1982 .	0.886	was known as	the tourney	the USF&G New Orleans Open
In its first year , the tourney was known as the USF&G New Orleans Open , but was retitled the USF&G Classic in 1982 .	0.688	was known in	the tourney	its first year
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .	0.892	created	The 1988 tax act	a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .	0.772	to be protect in	taxpayers ' rights	the assessment and collection of taxes
The Department has been accredited by the N.B.A. Dr. M. Meenakshi heads the department .	0.892	has been accredited by	The Department	the N.B.A. Dr. M. Meenakshi
Modeled after innovative European buildings , it became one of Newark 's first successful retail emporiums .	0.725	became	it	one of Newark 's first successful retail emporiums
From 1909 to 1912 , the Miami Canal was dug , bypassing the rapids at the head of the North Fork .	0.842	was dug from	the Miami Canal	1909
From 1909 to 1912 , the Miami Canal was dug , bypassing the rapids at the head of the North Fork .	0.774	be bypassing at	the rapids	the head of the North Fork
Nash was also involved in North Carolina politics , representing Hillsborough on several occasions in the colonial North Carolina General Assembly .	0.848	was also involved in	Nash	North Carolina politics
Nash was also involved in North Carolina politics , representing Hillsborough on several occasions in the colonial North Carolina General Assembly .	0.771	be representing on	Hillsborough	several occasions
Nash was also involved in North Carolina politics , representing Hillsborough on several occasions in the colonial North Carolina General Assembly .	0.743	be representing in	Hillsborough	the colonial North Carolina General Assembly
Nash was also involved in North Carolina politics , representing Hillsborough on several occasions in the colonial North Carolina General Assembly .	0.699	representing Hillsborough on	North Carolina politics	several occasions
Nash was also involved in North Carolina politics , representing Hillsborough on several occasions in the colonial North Carolina General Assembly .	0.609	representing Hillsborough in	North Carolina politics	the colonial North Carolina General Assembly
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .	0.445	be runs by	them	PCs and the software
By the end of that campaign he had played 12 league games as Arsenal finished fourth and had a League Cup winners medal , coming on as a late substitute as Arsenal defeated Liverpool at Wembley .	0.871	defeated Liverpool at	Arsenal	Wembley
By the end of that campaign he had played 12 league games as Arsenal finished fourth and had a League Cup winners medal , coming on as a late substitute as Arsenal defeated Liverpool at Wembley .	0.818	be defeated at	Liverpool	Wembley
By the end of that campaign he had played 12 league games as Arsenal finished fourth and had a League Cup winners medal , coming on as a late substitute as Arsenal defeated Liverpool at Wembley .	0.794	defeated	Arsenal	Liverpool
By the end of that campaign he had played 12 league games as Arsenal finished fourth and had a League Cup winners medal , coming on as a late substitute as Arsenal defeated Liverpool at Wembley .	0.742	had played	he	12 league games
By the end of that campaign he had played 12 league games as Arsenal finished fourth and had a League Cup winners medal , coming on as a late substitute as Arsenal defeated Liverpool at Wembley .	0.726	had played 12 league games as	he	Arsenal
Many participants of the March 1st Movement were subjected to torture and execution .	0.914	were subjected to	Many participants of the March	torture and execution
The narrator does not end up being sexually assaulted ; instead , she has grabbed her suitcase and fled the compartment .	0.581	has fled	she	the compartment
The narrator does not end up being sexually assaulted ; instead , she has grabbed her suitcase and fled the compartment .	0.389	instead has grabbed	she	her suitcase
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , `` and it was boring .	0.761	left grease marks on	it	his carpet
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , `` and it was boring .	0.704	left	it	grease marks
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , `` and it was boring .	0.672	first got	he	the machine
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , `` and it was boring .	0.668	be left on	grease marks	his carpet
THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one - third of a hospital 's budget ; a head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees and $ 8 million .	0.768	typically oversees	a head nurse	up to 80 employees and $ 8 million
THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one - third of a hospital 's budget ; a head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees and $ 8 million .	0.696	can be responsible for	THE CHIEF NURSING officer	than 1,000 employees
THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one - third of a hospital 's budget ; a head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees and $ 8 million .	0.611	can be	THE CHIEF NURSING officer	responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one
Since joining the competition in 1908 , Richmond has won ten premierships , the most recent victory being in 1980 .	0.828	has won ten premierships	Richmond	the most recent victory being in 1980
Since joining the competition in 1908 , Richmond has won ten premierships , the most recent victory being in 1980 .	0.729	being in	the most recent victory	1980
Since joining the competition in 1908 , Richmond has won ten premierships , the most recent victory being in 1980 .	0.622	be joining in	the competition	1908
Since joining the competition in 1908 , Richmond has won ten premierships , the most recent victory being in 1980 .	0.466	has won the most recent victory being in 1980	Richmond	ten premierships
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .	0.668	is	technology	one of their best bets
The tank is known as the SV-001 , which not only increases the player 's offense , but considerably adds to their defense .	0.894	is known as	The tank	the SV-001
The tank is known as the SV-001 , which not only increases the player 's offense , but considerably adds to their defense .	0.548	be increases by	the player 's offense	the SV-001
Standing in contrast to Descartes 's scientific reductionism and philosophical analysis , it proposes to view systems in a holistic manner .	0.813	proposes to view systems in	it	a holistic manner
Standing in contrast to Descartes 's scientific reductionism and philosophical analysis , it proposes to view systems in a holistic manner .	0.756	proposes to view	it	systems
Standing in contrast to Descartes 's scientific reductionism and philosophical analysis , it proposes to view systems in a holistic manner .	0.754	to be view in	systems	a holistic manner
At least 11 villagers disappeared and 8 people were killed in the ensuing tsunami , two of which are prisoners at one of the Permisan prisons .	0.931	are prisoners at	two of which	one of the Permisan prisons
At least 11 villagers disappeared and 8 people were killed in the ensuing tsunami , two of which are prisoners at one of the Permisan prisons .	0.894	were killed in	8 people	the ensuing tsunami
Continuing duties specified for freed slaves in manumission agreements became more common into the Hellenistic era , and they may have been customary earlier .	0.849	be specified for	duties	freed slaves
Continuing duties specified for freed slaves in manumission agreements became more common into the Hellenistic era , and they may have been customary earlier .	0.793	be specified in	duties	manumission agreements
Continuing duties specified for freed slaves in manumission agreements became more common into the Hellenistic era , and they may have been customary earlier .	0.631	became common may have into	they	the Hellenistic era
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...	0.737	was	the song	undesirable
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...	0.665	was undesirable for	the song	broadcasting
All that were left was a group of rebel Cylons that had allied with the human fleet and settled with them , while its surviving , remnant mechanical counterparts , having finally been freed by the humans and rebel Cylons to `` find their own destiny '' , would leave Earth in peace , never to return .	0.728	would be leave in	Earth	peace
All that were left was a group of rebel Cylons that had allied with the human fleet and settled with them , while its surviving , remnant mechanical counterparts , having finally been freed by the humans and rebel Cylons to `` find their own destiny '' , would leave Earth in peace , never to return .	0.717	would leave Earth in	remnant mechanical counterparts	peace
All that were left was a group of rebel Cylons that had allied with the human fleet and settled with them , while its surviving , remnant mechanical counterparts , having finally been freed by the humans and rebel Cylons to `` find their own destiny '' , would leave Earth in peace , never to return .	0.685	would leave	remnant mechanical counterparts	Earth
All that were left was a group of rebel Cylons that had allied with the human fleet and settled with them , while its surviving , remnant mechanical counterparts , having finally been freed by the humans and rebel Cylons to `` find their own destiny '' , would leave Earth in peace , never to return .	0.447	had settled with	rebel Cylons that had allied with the human fleet	them
A Democrat , he became the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history in September 2006 at the age of 26 .	0.881	became the youngest mayor in	he	Pittsburgh 's history
A Democrat , he became the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history in September 2006 at the age of 26 .	0.881	became the youngest mayor in	he	September 2006
A Democrat , he became the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history in September 2006 at the age of 26 .	0.873	became the youngest mayor at	he	the age of 26
A Democrat , he became the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history in September 2006 at the age of 26 .	0.688	became	he	the youngest mayor
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .	0.832	was quoted in	Wednesday	early trading
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .	0.756	was quoted in	Wednesday	Hong Kong
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .	0.667	was quoted in	gold	early trading
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .	0.541	was quoted in	gold	Hong Kong
The Packers had not lost at Lambeau Field in December since the 1993 season , and the 5-7 Panthers desperately needed a win to keep their playoff hopes alive .	0.919	had not lost at	The Packers	Lambeau Field
The Packers had not lost at Lambeau Field in December since the 1993 season , and the 5-7 Panthers desperately needed a win to keep their playoff hopes alive .	0.898	had not lost in	The Packers	December
The Packers had not lost at Lambeau Field in December since the 1993 season , and the 5-7 Panthers desperately needed a win to keep their playoff hopes alive .	0.868	had not lost since	The Packers	the 1993 season
He had spent 11 years in jail despite having been acquitted twice .	0.735	had spent in	He	jail
In 1862 , Henry Letheby obtained a partly conductive material by anodic oxidation of aniline in sulfuric acid .	0.842	obtained	Henry Letheby	a partly conductive material
In 1862 , Henry Letheby obtained a partly conductive material by anodic oxidation of aniline in sulfuric acid .	0.568	obtained a partly conductive material by anodic oxidation of aniline in sulfuric acid in	Henry Letheby	1862
In 1862 , Henry Letheby obtained a partly conductive material by anodic oxidation of aniline in sulfuric acid .	0.565	be obtained in	a partly conductive material	1862
However , after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups , BAE Systems recently stated it no longer produces land mines or cluster bombs .	0.806	However recently stated it after	BAE Systems	pressure campaigns
However , after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups , BAE Systems recently stated it no longer produces land mines or cluster bombs .	0.556	be However recently stated after	it	pressure campaigns
However , after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups , BAE Systems recently stated it no longer produces land mines or cluster bombs .	0.518	However recently stated	BAE Systems	it
The lodge also hosts fellowship events , conclaves , training events , and an annual family banquet , and supports the council activities at Council-run events .	0.783	also hosts	The lodge	fellowship events
The lodge also hosts fellowship events , conclaves , training events , and an annual family banquet , and supports the council activities at Council-run events .	0.727	supports	The lodge	the council activities
The lodge also hosts fellowship events , conclaves , training events , and an annual family banquet , and supports the council activities at Council-run events .	0.534	also hosts fellowship events , conclaves training	The lodge	events
He defines Wild Cards as ` Low Probability , High Impact events that , were they to occur , would severely impact the human condition ' .	0.714	defines Wild Cards as	He	Low Probability
He defines Wild Cards as ` Low Probability , High Impact events that , were they to occur , would severely impact the human condition ' .	0.693	defines	He	Wild Cards
In 1796 Edward Jenner developed a much safer method , using cowpox to successfully immunize a young boy against smallpox , and this practice was widely adopted .	0.709	to be successfully immunize against	a young boy	smallpox
In 1796 Edward Jenner developed a much safer method , using cowpox to successfully immunize a young boy against smallpox , and this practice was widely adopted .	0.607	be developed in	a much safer method using cowpox to successfully immunize a young boy against smallpox	1796 Edward Jenner
In 1796 Edward Jenner developed a much safer method , using cowpox to successfully immunize a young boy against smallpox , and this practice was widely adopted .	0.309	developed a much safer method , using cowpox to successfully immunize a young boy against smallpox in	this practice	1796 Edward Jenner
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	0.675	be shouting at	protests	the race doctor
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	0.658	climbed off	The riders	Pierre Dumas
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	0.585	climbed off Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at	The riders	the race doctor
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	0.339	climbed off Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier shouting	The riders	protests
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	0.058	'd been drinking	he	wine
Charles had concerns about being able to declare his belief in all the dogmas of the Church of England , so as well as hunting and fishing , he studied divinity books .	0.817	had	Charles	concerns
Charles had concerns about being able to declare his belief in all the dogmas of the Church of England , so as well as hunting and fishing , he studied divinity books .	0.721	studied	he	divinity books
Charles had concerns about being able to declare his belief in all the dogmas of the Church of England , so as well as hunting and fishing , he studied divinity books .	0.318	studied divinity books	he	Charles
Instead , he proposed a `` law - governed economy , '' in which there would be a `` clear - cut division between state direction of the economy and economic management . ''	0.835	would be a `` clear - cut division between	a `` law	state direction of the economy
Instead , he proposed a `` law - governed economy , '' in which there would be a `` clear - cut division between state direction of the economy and economic management . ''	0.659	Instead proposed	he	a `` law in which there would be a `` clear - cut division between state direction of the economy and economic management
The footage of this crash was so upsetting to Knievel , that he did not show the clip for 19 years until the documentary `` Absolute Evel : The Evel Knievel Story '' .	0.79	was so	The footage of this crash	upsetting
The footage of this crash was so upsetting to Knievel , that he did not show the clip for 19 years until the documentary `` Absolute Evel : The Evel Knievel Story '' .	0.772	was so upsetting to	The footage of this crash	Knievel
The footage of this crash was so upsetting to Knievel , that he did not show the clip for 19 years until the documentary `` Absolute Evel : The Evel Knievel Story '' .	0.736	did not show until	the clip	the documentary
The footage of this crash was so upsetting to Knievel , that he did not show the clip for 19 years until the documentary `` Absolute Evel : The Evel Knievel Story '' .	0.607	did not show the clip for 19 years until	he	the documentary
The footage of this crash was so upsetting to Knievel , that he did not show the clip for 19 years until the documentary `` Absolute Evel : The Evel Knievel Story '' .	0.606	did not show	he	the clip
The footage of this crash was so upsetting to Knievel , that he did not show the clip for 19 years until the documentary `` Absolute Evel : The Evel Knievel Story '' .	0.492	be The footage of	upsetting	this crash
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .	0.945	was vice president of	Mr. Agnew	the U.S.
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .	0.933	was vice president of the U.S. from	Mr. Agnew	1969
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .	0.82	was	Mr. Agnew	vice president of the U.S.
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .	0.766	resigned in	he	1973
Parragon publishes over 2000 titles every year in over 25 languages .	0.837	publishes over	Parragon	2000 titles
Parragon publishes over 2000 titles every year in over 25 languages .	0.827	publishes in	Parragon	every year
When Harald died in 1967 in an air crash , Herbert received more shares in BMW , VARTA and IWKA .	0.916	died in	Harald	1967
When Harald died in 1967 in an air crash , Herbert received more shares in BMW , VARTA and IWKA .	0.901	received more shares in	Herbert	BMW , VARTA and IWKA
When Harald died in 1967 in an air crash , Herbert received more shares in BMW , VARTA and IWKA .	0.881	died in	Harald	an air crash
When Harald died in 1967 in an air crash , Herbert received more shares in BMW , VARTA and IWKA .	0.842	received	Herbert	more shares
When Harald died in 1967 in an air crash , Herbert received more shares in BMW , VARTA and IWKA .	0.764	be received in	more shares	BMW , VARTA and IWKA
When Harald died in 1967 in an air crash , Herbert received more shares in BMW , VARTA and IWKA .	0.708	died	Harald	1967
When Harald died in 1967 in an air crash , Herbert received more shares in BMW , VARTA and IWKA .	0.622	died	Harald	an air crash
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .	0.835	have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion	Japanese investors	money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .	0.792	uses to buy mortgages from	Fannie Mae	U.S. banks
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .	0.776	have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in	Japanese investors	Fannie Mae corporate debt
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .	0.756	to buy mortgages from	Fannie Mae	U.S. banks
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .	0.731	uses to buy	Fannie Mae	mortgages
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .	0.695	to be buy from	mortgages	U.S. banks
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .	0.641	be issued to	Fannie Mae corporate debt	foreigners
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .	0.572	have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion since	Japanese investors	1985
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .	0.559	have bought money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks	Japanese investors	nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .	0.478	have bought money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks in	Japanese investors	Fannie Mae corporate debt
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .	0.186	have bought money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks since	Japanese investors	1985
Fetterman enlisted in the Union Army on May 14 , 1861 , in Delaware , and was promptly commissioned a first lieutenant .	0.92	enlisted in	Fetterman	the Union Army
Fetterman enlisted in the Union Army on May 14 , 1861 , in Delaware , and was promptly commissioned a first lieutenant .	0.859	enlisted on	Fetterman	May 14 , 1861
Fetterman enlisted in the Union Army on May 14 , 1861 , in Delaware , and was promptly commissioned a first lieutenant .	0.784	enlisted in	Fetterman	Delaware
Fetterman enlisted in the Union Army on May 14 , 1861 , in Delaware , and was promptly commissioned a first lieutenant .	0.649	was promptly commissioned	Fetterman	a first lieutenant
`` Black Water '' became one of the few records by any act released as a B-side to another Hot 100 hit `` before '' topping the Hot 100 itself .	0.845	became	Black Water	one of the few records
`` Black Water '' became one of the few records by any act released as a B-side to another Hot 100 hit `` before '' topping the Hot 100 itself .	0.396	hit before topping	a B-side	the Hot 100
He ran for Speaker of the Rhode Island House of Representatives four times .	0.848	ran for	He	four times
In 1972 , researchers found metallic conductivity in the charge-transfer complex TTF-TCNQ .	0.829	found	researchers	metallic conductivity
In 1972 , researchers found metallic conductivity in the charge-transfer complex TTF-TCNQ .	0.657	found metallic conductivity in the charge-transfer complex TTF-TCNQ in	researchers	1972
In 1972 , researchers found metallic conductivity in the charge-transfer complex TTF-TCNQ .	0.565	be found in	metallic conductivity	1972
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .	0.716	also offered	Ford	the low financing rate option
`` Small net inflows into stock and bond funds were offset by slight declines in the value of mutual fund stock and bond portfolios '' stemming from falling prices , said Jacob Dreyer , the institute 's chief economist .	0.896	were offset by	Small net inflows	slight declines stemming from falling prices
`` Small net inflows into stock and bond funds were offset by slight declines in the value of mutual fund stock and bond portfolios '' stemming from falling prices , said Jacob Dreyer , the institute 's chief economist .	0.574	be chief economist of	Jacob Dreyer	the institute
`` Small net inflows into stock and bond funds were offset by slight declines in the value of mutual fund stock and bond portfolios '' stemming from falling prices , said Jacob Dreyer , the institute 's chief economist .	0.444	stemming from	slight declines	falling prices
Blind Blake 's version was later covered by the jazz musician Leon Redbone on his album of the same name in 1978 .	0.925	was later covered by	Blind Blake 's version	the jazz musician Leon Redbone
Blind Blake 's version was later covered by the jazz musician Leon Redbone on his album of the same name in 1978 .	0.911	was later covered on	Blind Blake 's version	his album of the same name
Blind Blake 's version was later covered by the jazz musician Leon Redbone on his album of the same name in 1978 .	0.806	was later covered in	Blind Blake 's version	1978
Meanwhile , Shearson Lehman 's Mr. Devario said that , to stay competitive , the U.S. paper industry needs to catch up with the European industry .	0.847	needs to catch up with	the U.S. paper industry	the European industry
Meanwhile , Shearson Lehman 's Mr. Devario said that , to stay competitive , the U.S. paper industry needs to catch up with the European industry .	0.818	to catch up with	the U.S. paper industry	the European industry
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .	0.661	be compatible with	their new machines	the IBM OS\/2 standard
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .	0.589	rallied in	Microsoft	this summer
His grandson , also called James Geddes , was a civil engineer and agriculturist .	0.77	was	James Geddes	a civil engineer and agriculturist
Latif said he traveled from Yemen to Pakistan in August 2001 to seek medical treatment , while the U.S. government alleged he went there to receive military training from affiliates of al Qaeda .	0.849	traveled from	he	Yemen
Latif said he traveled from Yemen to Pakistan in August 2001 to seek medical treatment , while the U.S. government alleged he went there to receive military training from affiliates of al Qaeda .	0.826	traveled in	he	August 2001
Latif said he traveled from Yemen to Pakistan in August 2001 to seek medical treatment , while the U.S. government alleged he went there to receive military training from affiliates of al Qaeda .	0.814	traveled to	he	Pakistan
Latif said he traveled from Yemen to Pakistan in August 2001 to seek medical treatment , while the U.S. government alleged he went there to receive military training from affiliates of al Qaeda .	0.75	went there to receive	he	military training
Latif said he traveled from Yemen to Pakistan in August 2001 to seek medical treatment , while the U.S. government alleged he went there to receive military training from affiliates of al Qaeda .	0.687	to receive	he	military training
Latif said he traveled from Yemen to Pakistan in August 2001 to seek medical treatment , while the U.S. government alleged he went there to receive military training from affiliates of al Qaeda .	0.6	to seek	he	medical treatment
Latif said he traveled from Yemen to Pakistan in August 2001 to seek medical treatment , while the U.S. government alleged he went there to receive military training from affiliates of al Qaeda .	0.524	traveled to seek	he	medical treatment
Latif said he traveled from Yemen to Pakistan in August 2001 to seek medical treatment , while the U.S. government alleged he went there to receive military training from affiliates of al Qaeda .	0.513	alleged	the U.S. government	he
He was also seen in `` The Fairly OddParents '' episode `` The Fairy Oddlympics '' as Timmy Turner 's co-host .	0.848	was also seen in	He	The Fairly OddParents
He was also seen in `` The Fairly OddParents '' episode `` The Fairy Oddlympics '' as Timmy Turner 's co-host .	0.434	was also seen at	He	The Fairly OddParents
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .	0.881	was in	his family	the front row
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .	0.81	to be play from	her favorite tune	the record
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .	0.678	to play	he	her favorite tune
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .	0.668	was birthday of	his family	his mother
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .	0.646	be Clad in	the soft - spoken clarinetist	his trademark black velvet suit
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .	0.617	was in	it	the front row
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .	0.616	was	his family	his mother 's birthday
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .	0.536	so was going to play her favorite tune from	he	the record
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .	0.473	was birthday of	it	his mother
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .	0.418	was	it	his mother 's birthday
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .	0.406	so was going to play	he	her favorite tune
The RIAA lists it as one of the Best Selling Albums of All Time .	0.885	lists it as	The RIAA	one of the Best Selling Albums of All Time
The RIAA lists it as one of the Best Selling Albums of All Time .	0.7	lists	The RIAA	it
However , the two sometimes work as partners , and during a point in which Robin and Ariana were unable to see each other , he and Stephanie grow even closer .	0.769	were	Robin and Ariana	unable
However , the two sometimes work as partners , and during a point in which Robin and Ariana were unable to see each other , he and Stephanie grow even closer .	0.691	to see	Robin and Ariana	each other
However , the two sometimes work as partners , and during a point in which Robin and Ariana were unable to see each other , he and Stephanie grow even closer .	0.56	However sometimes work as	two	partners
Having finished his apprenticeship with Hammond , Keats registered as a medical student at Guy 's Hospital and began studying there in October 1815 .	0.88	registered began as	Keats	a medical student
Having finished his apprenticeship with Hammond , Keats registered as a medical student at Guy 's Hospital and began studying there in October 1815 .	0.658	began studying there in	Keats	October 1815
The Cathedral and the belfry were thoroughly renovated from 2006 to 2008 .	0.929	were thoroughly renovated from	The Cathedral and the belfry	2006
The prices of most corn , soybean and wheat futures contracts dropped slightly as farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by the 1988 drought .	0.76	continued to rebuild	farmers	stockpiles that were depleted by the 1988 drought
Parents who suspect their child is eligible may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the district 's Special Education Department .	0.847	is may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from	Parents who suspect their child	a professional employee of the District or contact the district 's Special Education Department
Parents who suspect their child is eligible may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the district 's Special Education Department .	0.779	is may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from	eligible	a professional employee of the District or contact the district 's Special Education Department
Parents who suspect their child is eligible may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the district 's Special Education Department .	0.77	is may verbally request	Parents who suspect their child	a multidisciplinary evaluation
Parents who suspect their child is eligible may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the district 's Special Education Department .	0.761	is may verbally request from	a multidisciplinary evaluation	a professional employee of the District or contact the district 's Special Education Department
Parents who suspect their child is eligible may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the district 's Special Education Department .	0.68	is may verbally request	eligible	a multidisciplinary evaluation
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .	0.806	boosted	a gain	earnigs
Jack Kemp has submitted a package of reforms , and they are surely headed for the Capitol Hill sausage - grinder .	0.863	has are surely headed for	they	the Capitol Hill sausage
Jack Kemp has submitted a package of reforms , and they are surely headed for the Capitol Hill sausage - grinder .	0.802	has submitted	Jack Kemp	a package of reforms
He frequently appears as a commentator on Japanese national TV .	0.809	frequently appears as	He	a commentator
However , Jesus is not accepted as the son by Muslims , who strictly maintain that he was a human being who was loved by God and exalted by God to ranks of the most righteous .	0.914	However is not accepted as	Jesus	the son
However , Jesus is not accepted as the son by Muslims , who strictly maintain that he was a human being who was loved by God and exalted by God to ranks of the most righteous .	0.6	was	he	a human being who was loved by God and exalted by God to ranks of the most righteous
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .	0.6	tells	the law	them
For his leadership in these battles he was awarded a medal and two clasps on 7 October 1813 .	0.687	was awarded	he	a medal and two clasps
For his leadership in these battles he was awarded a medal and two clasps on 7 October 1813 .	0.681	was awarded a medal for	he	his leadership
For his leadership in these battles he was awarded a medal and two clasps on 7 October 1813 .	0.596	was awarded two clasps on 7 October 1813 for	he	his leadership
For his leadership in these battles he was awarded a medal and two clasps on 7 October 1813 .	0.595	was awarded on	a medal and two clasps	7 October 1813
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .	0.768	remains	The favorite	Fernando Collor de Mello
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .	0.7	be old former governor of	Fernando Collor de Mello	the state of Alagoas
After leaving , he tried to find acting jobs and worked as an Elvis impersonator for a short time .	0.859	worked as	he	an Elvis impersonator
After leaving , he tried to find acting jobs and worked as an Elvis impersonator for a short time .	0.672	tried to find	he	acting jobs
After leaving , he tried to find acting jobs and worked as an Elvis impersonator for a short time .	0.6	to find	he	acting jobs
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .	0.854	will tap	The office	the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .	0.781	be members in	Ashurst staff	London and Brussels
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .	0.64	would abolish	the government	its golden share
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .	0.61	being stalked by	the luxury auto maker	General Motors and Ford Motor
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .	0.187	to pay for	the FHA	more loans going sour
Other constitutions from Austria-Hungary , Japan and Prussia were also studied , as was a draft constitution authored by the Union of Liberation , and published abroad .	0.752	be authored by	a draft constitution	the Union of Liberation
Initially flying the A-4B Skyhawk , the squadron later transitioned to the A-4L Skyhawk .	0.733	be later transitioned to	the squadron	the A-4L Skyhawk
After the battle , Battra rested in the Arctic Ocean , whereas Mothra retired to Infant Island , accompanied by the two Cosmos .	0.903	rested in	Battra	the Arctic Ocean
After the battle , Battra rested in the Arctic Ocean , whereas Mothra retired to Infant Island , accompanied by the two Cosmos .	0.843	retired to	Mothra	Infant Island
After the battle , Battra rested in the Arctic Ocean , whereas Mothra retired to Infant Island , accompanied by the two Cosmos .	0.772	rested after	Battra	the battle
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .	0.715	make sense to	moves	them
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .	0.696	be head of	William Sulya	OTC trading
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .	0.583	are advising	We	a lot of our clients
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .	0.524	are advising a lot of our clients to make	We	moves that make sense to them
The principle behind positive displacement compressors utilizes a turbine to compress refrigerant into high-pressure vapor .	0.853	utilizes	The principle	a turbine to compress refrigerant into high-pressure vapor
The principle behind positive displacement compressors utilizes a turbine to compress refrigerant into high-pressure vapor .	0.708	to be compress into	refrigerant	high-pressure vapor
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	0.627	failed to set slats properly for	pilots	takeoff
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	0.627	failed to set the plane 's wing flaps properly for	pilots	takeoff
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	0.59	to be set properly for	the plane 's wing flaps and slats	takeoff
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	0.531	failed to make	pilots	mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	0.475	to set slats properly for	pilots	takeoff
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	0.475	to set the plane 's wing flaps properly for	pilots	takeoff
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	0.453	failed to set properly	pilots	the plane 's wing flaps and slats
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	0.453	to make	pilots	mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	0.377	to set properly	pilots	the plane 's wing flaps and slats
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .	0.6	was very	I	frustrated
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software .	0.797	speeds up	RISC technology	a computer
`` It 's a wait - and - see attitude , '' said Dave Vellante , vice president of storage research for International Data Corp .	0.696	be vice president of	Dave Vellante	storage research
`` It 's a wait - and - see attitude , '' said Dave Vellante , vice president of storage research for International Data Corp .	0.626	see	It	attitude
`` It 's a wait - and - see attitude , '' said Dave Vellante , vice president of storage research for International Data Corp .	0.595	be vice president of storage research for	Dave Vellante	International Data Corp
`` It 's a wait - and - see attitude , '' said Dave Vellante , vice president of storage research for International Data Corp .	0.539	's	It	a wait
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .	0.644	could be n't debunk in	the uncanny goings	the Oregon Vortex
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .	0.607	could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in	it	the Oregon Vortex
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .	0.511	could n't debunk	it	the uncanny goings
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .	0.443	then will be	it	a different story
In a typical case of substrate interference , a Language A occupies a given territory and another Language B arrives in the same territory .	0.731	arrives in	B	the same territory
In a typical case of substrate interference , a Language A occupies a given territory and another Language B arrives in the same territory .	0.564	be occupies by	a given territory and another Language B arrives in the same territory	a Language
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''	0.751	will be going for	they	a full bid
Matthew got together a small group of promoters , including Rob Robinson from New York , to help him produce the event , which was held in Las Vegas on October 31 , 2005 .	0.857	got together	Matthew	a small group of promoters to help him produce the event ,
Matthew got together a small group of promoters , including Rob Robinson from New York , to help him produce the event , which was held in Las Vegas on October 31 , 2005 .	0.811	produce	him	the event which was held in Las Vegas on October 31 , 2005
Matthew got together a small group of promoters , including Rob Robinson from New York , to help him produce the event , which was held in Las Vegas on October 31 , 2005 .	0.243	be group of promoters including	small	Rob Robinson
Matthew got together a small group of promoters , including Rob Robinson from New York , to help him produce the event , which was held in Las Vegas on October 31 , 2005 .	0.237	be group of	small	promoters
In April 1902 , Chamberlain dined with the Hughligans , a small parliamentary clique which included Lord Hugh Cecil and Churchill among its membership .	0.88	dined with	Chamberlain	the Hughligans
In April 1902 , Chamberlain dined with the Hughligans , a small parliamentary clique which included Lord Hugh Cecil and Churchill among its membership .	0.728	dined in	Chamberlain	April 1902
Panhandle Eastern Corp. said it applied , on behalf of two of its subsidiaries , to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permission to build a 352 - mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla. , to Independence , Miss .	0.775	applied on	it	behalf of two of its subsidiaries
Panhandle Eastern Corp. said it applied , on behalf of two of its subsidiaries , to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permission to build a 352 - mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla. , to Independence , Miss .	0.767	applied for	it	permission to build a 352 - mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla . , to Independence , Miss
Panhandle Eastern Corp. said it applied , on behalf of two of its subsidiaries , to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permission to build a 352 - mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla. , to Independence , Miss .	0.705	applied to	it	the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history .	0.797	takes office as	he	the first opposition governor
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history .	0.686	takes office in	he	Nov. 1
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history .	0.678	takes	he	office
A company spokesman did n't know Mr. Wakeman 's age .	0.772	did n't know	A company spokesman	Mr. Wakeman 's age
This page explains the principal systems that were used .	0.772	explains	This page	the principal systems that were used
A better alternative in order to find the best possible results would be to use the Smith-Waterman algorithm .	0.773	would be to use	the best possible results	the Smith-Waterman algorithm
A better alternative in order to find the best possible results would be to use the Smith-Waterman algorithm .	0.692	to use	the best possible results	the Smith-Waterman algorithm
Most larger vessels have an engine room , a galley , and various compartments for work .	0.762	be various compartments for	Most larger vessels	work
Most larger vessels have an engine room , a galley , and various compartments for work .	0.723	have	Most larger vessels	an engine room
The creek then receives the tributary Wolf Run and immediately afterwards empties into the West Branch Susquehanna River .	0.807	then receives	The creek	the tributary Wolf Run and immediately afterwards empties
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .	0.868	to pass up	Gorbachev	the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .	0.794	is	Gorbachev	unlikely
The data obtained from trials of `` M-401 '' formed a basis for the design of the Project 615 `` Quebec '' - class .	0.903	obtained from	The data	trials of `` M-401
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward .	0.743	be employing at	his followers	subsistence wages
The Red Wings and Canadiens faced off in four Stanley Cup finals during the 1950s .	0.908	faced off in	The Red Wings and Canadiens	four Stanley Cup finals
The Red Wings and Canadiens faced off in four Stanley Cup finals during the 1950s .	0.868	faced off during	The Red Wings and Canadiens	the 1950s
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .	0.602	be 8 3\/4 % near	8 3\/4 % high	closing bid
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place .	0.898	arrived at	they	the door
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place .	0.605	arrived in	they	the door
The second session , taking place on November 12 , 1960 , produced Joe Primrose 's `` St. James Infirmary '' and the sad and mood `` I 've Just Got to Forget You '' .	0.661	be taking on	place	November 12
The second session , taking place on November 12 , 1960 , produced Joe Primrose 's `` St. James Infirmary '' and the sad and mood `` I 've Just Got to Forget You '' .	0.6	've Just Got to Forget	I	You
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .	0.55	be routinely cleans up by	the Unix system	the one
In Canada , there are two organizations that regulate university and collegiate athletics .	0.532	are in	two organizations that regulate university and collegiate athletics	Canada
Later , the very different STA was converted into a flightworthy orbiter , re-designated OV-099 , and christened `` Challenger '' .	0.887	Later was converted into	the very different STA	a flightworthy orbiter
In 1978 she played Emily Armsworth in the Disney television film `` Child of Glass '' , based on the novel `` The Ghost Belonged to Me '' by Richard Peck .	0.84	played Emily Armsworth in	she	the Disney television film
In 1978 she played Emily Armsworth in the Disney television film `` Child of Glass '' , based on the novel `` The Ghost Belonged to Me '' by Richard Peck .	0.796	be played in	Emily Armsworth	the Disney television film
In 1978 she played Emily Armsworth in the Disney television film `` Child of Glass '' , based on the novel `` The Ghost Belonged to Me '' by Richard Peck .	0.783	be based on	Child of Glass	the novel
In 1978 she played Emily Armsworth in the Disney television film `` Child of Glass '' , based on the novel `` The Ghost Belonged to Me '' by Richard Peck .	0.777	played	she	Emily Armsworth
In 1978 she played Emily Armsworth in the Disney television film `` Child of Glass '' , based on the novel `` The Ghost Belonged to Me '' by Richard Peck .	0.71	played Emily Armsworth in	she	1978
In 1978 she played Emily Armsworth in the Disney television film `` Child of Glass '' , based on the novel `` The Ghost Belonged to Me '' by Richard Peck .	0.644	be played in	Emily Armsworth	1978
In 1958 , he won gold medal at the 6th European Championships in Stockholm .	0.859	won gold medal at	he	the 6th European Championships
In 1958 , he won gold medal at the 6th European Championships in Stockholm .	0.794	be won at	gold medal	the 6th European Championships
In 1958 , he won gold medal at the 6th European Championships in Stockholm .	0.704	won	he	gold medal
In 1958 , he won gold medal at the 6th European Championships in Stockholm .	0.601	won gold medal in	he	1958
In 1958 , he won gold medal at the 6th European Championships in Stockholm .	0.565	be won in	gold medal	1958
In 1958 , he won gold medal at the 6th European Championships in Stockholm .	0.302	won gold medal	he	1958
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s .	0.845	sees the home market as	the National Sporting Goods Association	one of the hottest growth areas
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s .	0.795	are expected for	sales of treadmills	instance
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s .	0.686	to rise	sales of treadmills	8 %
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s .	0.606	be sees by	the home market	the National Sporting Goods Association
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .	0.808	would create	The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval	a new , listed U.K. stock
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .	0.585	be requires by	shareholder approval	The British chemical and textile company 's plan
She had three sons with him : Alain , Marc Y.C. and Jean-Luc Latrique .	0.768	had three sons with	She	him
She had three sons with him : Alain , Marc Y.C. and Jean-Luc Latrique .	0.716	had	She	three sons
She had three sons with him : Alain , Marc Y.C. and Jean-Luc Latrique .	0.663	be had with	three sons	him
In England and Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .	0.872	is an offence under	an `` attempt	section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981
In England and Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .	0.724	be carries by	a maximum penalty of life imprisonment	an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence
In England and Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .	0.698	is	an `` attempt	an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''	0.512	dropping below	it	1.80 marks
Eisner died January 3 , 2005 , in Lauderdale Lakes , Florida , of complications from a quadruple bypass surgery performed December 22 , 2004 .	0.848	died in	Eisner	Lauderdale Lakes
Eisner died January 3 , 2005 , in Lauderdale Lakes , Florida , of complications from a quadruple bypass surgery performed December 22 , 2004 .	0.847	died of	Eisner	complications
Eisner died January 3 , 2005 , in Lauderdale Lakes , Florida , of complications from a quadruple bypass surgery performed December 22 , 2004 .	0.817	died from	Eisner	a quadruple bypass surgery performed December 22 , 2004
Eisner died January 3 , 2005 , in Lauderdale Lakes , Florida , of complications from a quadruple bypass surgery performed December 22 , 2004 .	0.673	be performed in	a quadruple bypass surgery	December 22 , 2004
Eisner died January 3 , 2005 , in Lauderdale Lakes , Florida , of complications from a quadruple bypass surgery performed December 22 , 2004 .	0.615	died	Eisner	Lauderdale Lakes
A short distance to the east , NC 111 diverges on Greenwood Boulevard .	0.44	be NC 111 diverges on	the east	Greenwood Boulevard
A short distance to the east , NC 111 diverges on Greenwood Boulevard .	0.302	be A short distance to	the east	NC 111 diverges
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .	0.351	be demands on	certain	the company 's creativity
Green is also a significant color , symbolizing the union of the three colors .	0.779	is also	Green	a significant color
But this practice simply reduces government interest costs rather than truly canceling government debt , and can result in hyperinflation if used unsparingly .	0.668	simply reduces	this practice	government interest costs
`` T. moorii '' is a very hierarchical species and should only be kept in colony proportions .	0.823	should only be kept in	a very hierarchical species	colony proportions
The Wilbur Cross Highway formerly ended in Sturbridge ; locals sometimes call Haynes Street and portions of Mashapaug Road `` Old Route 15 '' .	0.86	formerly ended in	The Wilbur Cross Highway	Sturbridge
The Wilbur Cross Highway formerly ended in Sturbridge ; locals sometimes call Haynes Street and portions of Mashapaug Road `` Old Route 15 '' .	0.759	sometimes call	locals	Haynes Street and portions of Mashapaug Road `` Old Route 15
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''	0.484	explained in	He	part
The company said the fastener business `` has been under severe cost pressures for some time . ''	0.844	has been under	the fastener business	severe cost pressures
Fisher was a prolific writer , producing journalism as well as technical books and articles , and addressing various social issues surrounding of the First World War , the prosperous 1920s and the depressed 1930s .	0.819	was	Fisher	a prolific writer , producing journalism as well as technical books and articles
Fisher was a prolific writer , producing journalism as well as technical books and articles , and addressing various social issues surrounding of the First World War , the prosperous 1920s and the depressed 1930s .	0.756	surrounding of	various social issues	the First World War
Fisher was a prolific writer , producing journalism as well as technical books and articles , and addressing various social issues surrounding of the First World War , the prosperous 1920s and the depressed 1930s .	0.633	addressing	Fisher	various social issues surrounding of the First World War
In 1960 , AIMIM won the Mallepally ward of Hyderabad Municipal Corporation .	0.834	won	AIMIM	the Mallepally ward of Hyderabad Municipal Corporation
In 1960 , AIMIM won the Mallepally ward of Hyderabad Municipal Corporation .	0.728	won the Mallepally ward of Hyderabad Municipal Corporation in	AIMIM	1960
In 1960 , AIMIM won the Mallepally ward of Hyderabad Municipal Corporation .	0.55	be won in	the Mallepally ward of Hyderabad Municipal Corporation	1960
In 1960 , AIMIM won the Mallepally ward of Hyderabad Municipal Corporation .	0.434	won the Mallepally ward of Hyderabad Municipal Corporation	AIMIM	1960
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .	0.84	Meanwhile joined	another big Wall Street brokerage firm	others that have been pulling back from program trading
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .	0.524	be an analyst with	Peter Marcus	PaineWebber Inc
Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions .	0.728	has	he	sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions
Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions .	0.708	to be block with	a measure	procedural actions
Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions .	0.688	is	Sen. Mitchell	confident
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .	0.574	be Laurel 's president at	Paul L. Kane	the time
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .	0.509	be president of	Paul L. Kane	Laurel
The 18th century also saw the Welsh Methodist revival , led by Daniel Rowland , Howell Harris and William Williams Pantycelyn .	0.817	be led by	the Welsh Methodist revival	Daniel Rowland , Howell Harris and William Williams Pantycelyn
The 18th century also saw the Welsh Methodist revival , led by Daniel Rowland , Howell Harris and William Williams Pantycelyn .	0.816	also saw	The 18th century	the Welsh Methodist revival
With the arrival of right-back Lee Dixon late in the season , Thomas was moved forward into midfield for the 1988-89 season .	0.88	late in the season was moved forward into	Thomas	midfield
With the arrival of right-back Lee Dixon late in the season , Thomas was moved forward into midfield for the 1988-89 season .	0.863	late in the season was moved forward for	Thomas	the 1988-89 season
With the arrival of right-back Lee Dixon late in the season , Thomas was moved forward into midfield for the 1988-89 season .	0.764	late in the season was moved forward with	Thomas	the arrival of right-back Lee Dixon
At home , he pursued a similar policy , using censorship and a wide ranging spy network to dampen down unrest .	0.721	pursued	he	a similar policy
At home , he pursued a similar policy , using censorship and a wide ranging spy network to dampen down unrest .	0.656	pursued a similar policy at	he	home
At home , he pursued a similar policy , using censorship and a wide ranging spy network to dampen down unrest .	0.622	be pursued at	a similar policy	home
At home , he pursued a similar policy , using censorship and a wide ranging spy network to dampen down unrest .	0.583	pursued a similar policy using	he	censorship and a wide ranging spy network
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .	0.84	Yet ever had	no one	reason to suspect possible wrongdoing
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .	0.764	Yet ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing despite	no one	the judge 's imperial bearing
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .	0.751	says in	no one	John Bognato
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .	0.663	be president of	John Bognato	Cambria County 's 150
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .	0.635	be Yet ever had despite	reason to suspect possible wrongdoing	the judge 's imperial bearing
Ever since , the remaining members have been desperate for the United States to rejoin this dreadful group .	0.666	to rejoin	the United States	this dreadful group
There were 143 households out of which 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families .	0.932	had children under	30.1 %	the age of 18 living
There were 143 households out of which 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families .	0.851	be had under	children	the age of 18 living
There were 143 households out of which 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families .	0.793	had	30.1 %	children
There were 143 households out of which 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families .	0.782	had	couples living together	a female householder
There were 143 households out of which 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families .	0.753	were	36.4 %	non-families
There were 143 households out of which 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families .	0.656	were	no husband	non-families
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .	0.649	ca n't discuss in	he	detail
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .	0.606	will be defend at	himself	his trial
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .	0.586	will defend himself at	he	his trial
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .	0.585	will defend	he	himself
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .	0.082	were as	he	corrupt
South of downtown Tarboro , the U.S. Highway has a partial cloverleaf interchange with the US 64 freeway and Western Boulevard , which features US 64 Alternate , NC 111 , and NC 122 .	0.692	has	South of downtown Tarboro	a partial cloverleaf interchange with the US 64 freeway and Western Boulevard
South of downtown Tarboro , the U.S. Highway has a partial cloverleaf interchange with the US 64 freeway and Western Boulevard , which features US 64 Alternate , NC 111 , and NC 122 .	0.528	be features by	US	a partial cloverleaf interchange with the US 64 freeway and Western Boulevard
South of downtown Tarboro , the U.S. Highway has a partial cloverleaf interchange with the US 64 freeway and Western Boulevard , which features US 64 Alternate , NC 111 , and NC 122 .	0.406	be South of	the U.S. Highway	downtown Tarboro
It is a very weak signal , and requires sensitive radio receivers to pick up .	0.554	is	It	a very weak signal
He was a New Democratic member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1998 to 1999 who was elected in a by-election .	0.931	was a New Democratic member of	He	the Legislative Assembly of Ontario
He was a New Democratic member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1998 to 1999 who was elected in a by-election .	0.72	was	He	a New Democratic member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario
He was a New Democratic member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1998 to 1999 who was elected in a by-election .	0.654	was member of	Democratic	the Legislative Assembly of Ontario
`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named .	0.699	called	nobody	us
`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named .	0.647	told	Nobody	us
The car was based around a Rodeck resleevable , modified Chevrolet 350 ci V8 racing engine coupled to a custom three-speed transmission .	0.919	was based around	The car	a Rodeck resleevable
The car was based around a Rodeck resleevable , modified Chevrolet 350 ci V8 racing engine coupled to a custom three-speed transmission .	0.818	be modified Chevrolet 350 ci v8	a Rodeck resleevable	racing engine coupled to a custom three-speed transmission
The car was based around a Rodeck resleevable , modified Chevrolet 350 ci V8 racing engine coupled to a custom three-speed transmission .	0.74	be coupled to	racing engine	a custom three-speed transmission
The car was based around a Rodeck resleevable , modified Chevrolet 350 ci V8 racing engine coupled to a custom three-speed transmission .	0.573	was based around	a Rodeck resleevable	modified Chevrolet 350 ci
`` In 1995 , however , the Supreme Court began taking tentative steps toward resurrecting some of the constitutional limitations on the regulatory state that had been dormant since the 1930s .	0.612	however began in	the Supreme Court	1995
`` In 1995 , however , the Supreme Court began taking tentative steps toward resurrecting some of the constitutional limitations on the regulatory state that had been dormant since the 1930s .	0.591	however began taking	the Supreme Court	tentative steps
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .	0.842	to allow a floor vote on the issue before	The Democratic leadership	the end of the year
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .	0.79	to allow	The Democratic leadership	a floor vote
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .	0.728	to be allow before	a floor vote	the end of the year
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .	0.723	agreed a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing to allow a floor vote on the issue before	The Democratic leadership	the end of the year
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .	0.721	agreed	The Democratic leadership	a debate certain
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .	0.406	agreed a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing to allow	The Democratic leadership	a floor vote
Despite assurances by the scientific community that a collision with Earth is extremely unlikely , the public , many of whom are fueled with religious fervor by the evangelist Henry Armitage , who teaches that the arrival of the comet signals the End Times , begins to hoard food and supplies in anticipation .	0.936	are fueled with	many of whom	religious fervor
Despite assurances by the scientific community that a collision with Earth is extremely unlikely , the public , many of whom are fueled with religious fervor by the evangelist Henry Armitage , who teaches that the arrival of the comet signals the End Times , begins to hoard food and supplies in anticipation .	0.886	are fueled by	many of whom	the evangelist Henry Armitage
Despite assurances by the scientific community that a collision with Earth is extremely unlikely , the public , many of whom are fueled with religious fervor by the evangelist Henry Armitage , who teaches that the arrival of the comet signals the End Times , begins to hoard food and supplies in anticipation .	0.857	begins to hoard food in	Times	anticipation
Despite assurances by the scientific community that a collision with Earth is extremely unlikely , the public , many of whom are fueled with religious fervor by the evangelist Henry Armitage , who teaches that the arrival of the comet signals the End Times , begins to hoard food and supplies in anticipation .	0.846	begins to hoard	Times	food and supplies
Despite assurances by the scientific community that a collision with Earth is extremely unlikely , the public , many of whom are fueled with religious fervor by the evangelist Henry Armitage , who teaches that the arrival of the comet signals the End Times , begins to hoard food and supplies in anticipation .	0.83	to hoard food in	Times	anticipation
Despite assurances by the scientific community that a collision with Earth is extremely unlikely , the public , many of whom are fueled with religious fervor by the evangelist Henry Armitage , who teaches that the arrival of the comet signals the End Times , begins to hoard food and supplies in anticipation .	0.811	teaches that	the evangelist Henry Armitage	the arrival of the comet signals
Despite assurances by the scientific community that a collision with Earth is extremely unlikely , the public , many of whom are fueled with religious fervor by the evangelist Henry Armitage , who teaches that the arrival of the comet signals the End Times , begins to hoard food and supplies in anticipation .	0.805	begins to hoard supplies in	Times	anticipation
Despite assurances by the scientific community that a collision with Earth is extremely unlikely , the public , many of whom are fueled with religious fervor by the evangelist Henry Armitage , who teaches that the arrival of the comet signals the End Times , begins to hoard food and supplies in anticipation .	0.771	to hoard supplies in	Times	anticipation
Despite assurances by the scientific community that a collision with Earth is extremely unlikely , the public , many of whom are fueled with religious fervor by the evangelist Henry Armitage , who teaches that the arrival of the comet signals the End Times , begins to hoard food and supplies in anticipation .	0.754	to be hoard in	food and supplies	anticipation
Despite assurances by the scientific community that a collision with Earth is extremely unlikely , the public , many of whom are fueled with religious fervor by the evangelist Henry Armitage , who teaches that the arrival of the comet signals the End Times , begins to hoard food and supplies in anticipation .	0.653	is extremely	a collision	unlikely
Despite assurances by the scientific community that a collision with Earth is extremely unlikely , the public , many of whom are fueled with religious fervor by the evangelist Henry Armitage , who teaches that the arrival of the comet signals the End Times , begins to hoard food and supplies in anticipation .	0.311	be a collision with	unlikely	Earth
Debate surrounding a volkstaat returned to the mainstream media following the murder of AWB leader Eugene Terre'Blanche in April 2010 .	0.908	returned following	a volkstaat	the murder of AWB leader Eugene Terre 'Blanche
Debate surrounding a volkstaat returned to the mainstream media following the murder of AWB leader Eugene Terre'Blanche in April 2010 .	0.87	returned to	a volkstaat	the mainstream media
The power cepstrum of a signal is defined as the squared magnitude of the inverse Fourier transform of the logarithm of the squared magnitude of the Fourier transform of a signal .	0.8	transform of	the squared magnitude of the inverse Fourier	the logarithm of the squared magnitude of the Fourier
The power cepstrum of a signal is defined as the squared magnitude of the inverse Fourier transform of the logarithm of the squared magnitude of the Fourier transform of a signal .	0.494	transform transform of	the squared magnitude of the inverse Fourier	a signal
There 's light at the end of the tunnel for municipals , '' he said , adding that he expects prices to `` inch up '' in the near term .	0.773	to inch up in	prices	the near term
There 's light at the end of the tunnel for municipals , '' he said , adding that he expects prices to `` inch up '' in the near term .	0.756	's at	light	the end of the tunnel
There 's light at the end of the tunnel for municipals , '' he said , adding that he expects prices to `` inch up '' in the near term .	0.603	's for	light	municipals
RU-486 is being administered in France only under strict supervision in the presence of a doctor .	0.846	is being administered only in	RU-486	the presence of a doctor
RU-486 is being administered in France only under strict supervision in the presence of a doctor .	0.822	is being administered only under	RU-486	strict supervision
RU-486 is being administered in France only under strict supervision in the presence of a doctor .	0.742	is being administered only in	RU-486	France
Clarke was replaced a week later by Thin Lizzy man , Brian Robertson .	0.908	was replaced a week later by	Clarke	Thin Lizzy man
`` It 's a super - exciting set of discoveries , '' says Bert Vogelstein , a Johns Hopkins University researcher who has just found a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer .	0.861	's a super - exciting set of	It	discoveries
`` It 's a super - exciting set of discoveries , '' says Bert Vogelstein , a Johns Hopkins University researcher who has just found a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer .	0.718	be researcher of	Bert Vogelstein	Johns Hopkins University
`` It 's a super - exciting set of discoveries , '' says Bert Vogelstein , a Johns Hopkins University researcher who has just found a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer .	0.62	's	It	a super - exciting set of discoveries
`` It 's a super - exciting set of discoveries , '' says Bert Vogelstein , a Johns Hopkins University researcher who has just found a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer .	0.497	's set of	exciting	discoveries
`` It 's a super - exciting set of discoveries , '' says Bert Vogelstein , a Johns Hopkins University researcher who has just found a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer .	0.497	's exciting set of	super	discoveries
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .	0.847	costs about 50 % more in	the average PC	Japan
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .	0.802	costs about 50 % more than	the average PC	the U.S.
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .	0.869	was figured into	the pilot claim	either plan
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .	0.86	will begin	Cotton Inc.	a new ad campaign developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .	0.767	be developed by	a new ad campaign	Ogilvy
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .	0.672	be represents by	cotton growers	Cotton Inc.
About 20 % of women who are carriers for the fragile X premutation are affected by fragile X-related primary ovarian insufficiency , which is defined as menopause before the age of 40 .	0.945	are affected by	About 20 % of women	fragile X-related primary ovarian insufficiency which is defined as menopause before the age of 40
About 20 % of women who are carriers for the fragile X premutation are affected by fragile X-related primary ovarian insufficiency , which is defined as menopause before the age of 40 .	0.695	are carriers for	women	the fragile X premutation
He was buried in the Abbey of the Psalms mausoleum at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery .	0.919	was buried in	He	the Abbey of the Psalms mausoleum
He was buried in the Abbey of the Psalms mausoleum at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery .	0.845	was buried at	He	the Hollywood Forever Cemetery
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .	0.9	was published in	An original limited artist edition of 250	1989
The Pacific Plate , to the west of the fault , is moving in a northwest direction while the North American Plate to the east is moving relatively southeast under the influence of plate tectonics .	0.801	is moving in	The Pacific Plate	a northwest direction
The Pacific Plate , to the west of the fault , is moving in a northwest direction while the North American Plate to the east is moving relatively southeast under the influence of plate tectonics .	0.739	is moving relatively southeast under	the North American Plate	the influence of plate tectonics
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .	0.839	is also located	A cafeteria	a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .	0.703	is also located a chapel on the 14th floor , on	A cafeteria	the sixth floor
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .	0.703	is also located a study hall on the 15th floor on	A cafeteria	the sixth floor
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .	0.654	is also located on	a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall	the 15th floor
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .	0.542	be a chapel on	A cafeteria	the 14th floor
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .	0.429	be a study hall on	A cafeteria	the 15th floor
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .	0.304	is also located a chapel on the 14th floor , in	A cafeteria	the sixth floor
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .	0.304	is also located a study hall on the 15th floor in	A cafeteria	the sixth floor
Transferred to Key West , Florida , on 1 June 1941 , `` R-11 '' continued her training ship duties throughout the remainder of her career .	0.871	continued her training ship duties throughout	R-11	the remainder of her career
Transferred to Key West , Florida , on 1 June 1941 , `` R-11 '' continued her training ship duties throughout the remainder of her career .	0.869	be continued throughout	her training ship duties	the remainder of her career
Transferred to Key West , Florida , on 1 June 1941 , `` R-11 '' continued her training ship duties throughout the remainder of her career .	0.815	continued	R-11	her training ship duties
Transferred to Key West , Florida , on 1 June 1941 , `` R-11 '' continued her training ship duties throughout the remainder of her career .	0.714	be Transferred on	R-11	1 June 1941
Transferred to Key West , Florida , on 1 June 1941 , `` R-11 '' continued her training ship duties throughout the remainder of her career .	0.666	be Transferred to	Florida	Key West
In the 2007 Queen 's Birthday Honours , Kirwan was appointed as an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to mental health .	0.95	was appointed as	Kirwan	an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit
In the 2007 Queen 's Birthday Honours , Kirwan was appointed as an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to mental health .	0.842	was appointed for	Kirwan	services
In the 2007 Queen 's Birthday Honours , Kirwan was appointed as an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to mental health .	0.821	was appointed to	Kirwan	mental health
In the 2007 Queen 's Birthday Honours , Kirwan was appointed as an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to mental health .	0.771	was appointed in	Kirwan	the 2007 Queen 's Birthday Honours
He dismissed their protests and stayed at the back of the strike .	0.886	stayed at	He	the back of the strike
He dismissed their protests and stayed at the back of the strike .	0.625	dismissed	He	their protests
He dismissed their protests and stayed at the back of the strike .	0.574	stayed in	He	the back of the strike
For example , it was distributed in the Latin America , Australia , and United States by Warner Bros. .	0.84	was distributed in	it	the Latin America
For example , it was distributed in the Latin America , Australia , and United States by Warner Bros. .	0.346	was distributed for	it	example
He remained in the MGM `` Our Gang '' productions until his final appearance in the series , `` Unexpected Riches '' , in 1942 at age fourteen .	0.792	be productions until	Our Gang	his final appearance
He remained in the MGM `` Our Gang '' productions until his final appearance in the series , `` Unexpected Riches '' , in 1942 at age fourteen .	0.417	be productions until	the MGM	his final appearance
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .	0.813	will extend	Mazda	the warranty term
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .	0.591	will be extend for	the warranty term	owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .	0.537	will extend the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration to	Mazda	five years or 60,000 miles
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .	0.485	will be extend to	the warranty term	five years or 60,000 miles
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .	0.465	will extend the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration for	Mazda	owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule
The highest temperature recorded within the City of Edmonton was , on June 26 , 2002 .	0.903	recorded within	The highest temperature	the City of Edmonton
And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up .	0.844	were just as eager as	the lawyers	the judge
And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up .	0.78	were just as	the lawyers	eager
And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up .	0.566	to wrap up	the lawyers	it
Water pipes are normally buried below the frost line , or insulated to prevent them from freezing .	0.9	are normally buried below	Water pipes	the frost line
The `` power cepstrum '' was defined in a 1963 paper by Bogert et al. .	0.929	was defined in	The `` power cepstrum	a 1963 paper
It has perhaps the largest numbers of rebbes of any Hasidic dynasty .	0.797	has of	It	rebbes of any Hasidic dynasty
It has perhaps the largest numbers of rebbes of any Hasidic dynasty .	0.711	has	It	the largest numbers of rebbes of any Hasidic dynasty
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .	0.832	were unchanged in	Private housing starts	September
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .	0.79	were	Private housing starts	unchanged
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .	0.753	were unchanged at	Private housing starts	144,610 units
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .	0.405	be Private housing starts in	unchanged	Japan
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .	0.346	housing starts in	Private	Japan
The Turkish language belongs to the Oghuz subfamily of Turkic .	0.885	belongs to	The Turkish language	the Oghuz subfamily of Turkic
A trade edition of 15,000 was later published by Alfred A. Knopf and was later included in King 's collection `` Nightmares & Dreamscapes '' .	0.894	was later included in	A trade edition of 15,000	King 's collection
A trade edition of 15,000 was later published by Alfred A. Knopf and was later included in King 's collection `` Nightmares & Dreamscapes '' .	0.885	was later published by	A trade edition of 15,000	Alfred A. Knopf
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .	0.748	now account for	investigations	about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .	0.704	has traditionally been glamorous of	that side of the business	two
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .	0.478	has carries	that side of the business	historical and sentimental value
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .	0.42	has traditionally been glamorous of	it	two
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .	0.399	be that side of	glamorous '' of the two	the business
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .	0.363	has carries	it	historical and sentimental value
U.S. makers have under 10 % share , compared with half the market in Europe and 80 % at home .	0.821	have under	U.S. makers	% share
A type modifier is used to make a pointer or reference .	0.761	to make	A type modifier	a pointer or reference
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	0.9	added a monument to	The Steinbrenner family	Monument Park
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	0.839	added a monument on	The Steinbrenner family	September 20
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	0.837	added a monument	The Steinbrenner family	2010
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	0.829	added 2010 to	The Steinbrenner family	Monument Park
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	0.782	added 2010 on	The Steinbrenner family	September 20
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	0.734	added 2010	The Steinbrenner family	a monument
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	0.71	be added 2010 to	a monument	Monument Park
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	0.671	added 2010 to honor	The Steinbrenner family	Steinbrenner
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	0.671	added a monument to honor	The Steinbrenner family	Steinbrenner
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	0.644	be added 2010 on	a monument	September 20
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	0.633	be added a monument to	2010	Monument Park
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	0.562	be added a monument on	2010	September 20
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .	0.894	finished at	prices	intraday peaks
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .	0.726	finished in	prices	London
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .	0.605	will waive	the British government	its `` golden share
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .	0.945	will be provided by	Credit support	a letter of credit facility
Blackburne was nominated a King 's Counsel in 1822 and administered the Insurrection Act in Limerick for two years , effectually restoring order in the district .	0.912	be administered in	Blackburne	Limerick
Blackburne was nominated a King 's Counsel in 1822 and administered the Insurrection Act in Limerick for two years , effectually restoring order in the district .	0.908	was nominated a King 's Counsel in	Blackburne	1822
Blackburne was nominated a King 's Counsel in 1822 and administered the Insurrection Act in Limerick for two years , effectually restoring order in the district .	0.885	be administered for	Blackburne	two years
Blackburne was nominated a King 's Counsel in 1822 and administered the Insurrection Act in Limerick for two years , effectually restoring order in the district .	0.805	was nominated	Blackburne	a King 's Counsel
Blackburne was nominated a King 's Counsel in 1822 and administered the Insurrection Act in Limerick for two years , effectually restoring order in the district .	0.674	be effectually restoring in	order	the district
Other events include : `` North Sea Jazz Festival '' , the largest Jazz festival in Europe , `` Bavaria City Race '' , a Formula 1 race inside the city center and a 3 day long maritime extravaganza called the `` World Port Days '' celebrating the Port of Rotterdam .	0.756	called	a Formula 1 race inside the city center and a 3 day long maritime extravaganza	the `` World Port Days
Other events include : `` North Sea Jazz Festival '' , the largest Jazz festival in Europe , `` Bavaria City Race '' , a Formula 1 race inside the city center and a 3 day long maritime extravaganza called the `` World Port Days '' celebrating the Port of Rotterdam .	0.709	include	Other events	North Sea Jazz Festival
Other events include : `` North Sea Jazz Festival '' , the largest Jazz festival in Europe , `` Bavaria City Race '' , a Formula 1 race inside the city center and a 3 day long maritime extravaganza called the `` World Port Days '' celebrating the Port of Rotterdam .	0.499	be the largest Jazz festival in	North Sea Jazz Festival	Europe
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .	0.76	have never opposed	We	the development of economic relations
He was particularly convinced by the reasoning of the Revd .	0.907	was particularly convinced by	He	the reasoning of the Revd
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .	0.829	approved	the government of Spain	the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .	0.796	said	Cetus Corp.	the government of Spain
They do n't possess eyelids so they must lick their eyeballs clean in order to keep them moist .	0.854	do n't possess	They	eyelids
WFIL-TV would change its call letters to WPVI-TV in 1971 after Capital Cities Communications purchased the station from Triangle Publications .	0.797	would be change in	its call letters	1971
WFIL-TV would change its call letters to WPVI-TV in 1971 after Capital Cities Communications purchased the station from Triangle Publications .	0.78	would be change to	its call letters	WPVI-TV
WFIL-TV would change its call letters to WPVI-TV in 1971 after Capital Cities Communications purchased the station from Triangle Publications .	0.733	would change its call letters to	WFIL-TV	WPVI-TV
WFIL-TV would change its call letters to WPVI-TV in 1971 after Capital Cities Communications purchased the station from Triangle Publications .	0.714	purchased	Capital Cities Communications	the station
WFIL-TV would change its call letters to WPVI-TV in 1971 after Capital Cities Communications purchased the station from Triangle Publications .	0.704	would change its call letters in	WFIL-TV	1971
WFIL-TV would change its call letters to WPVI-TV in 1971 after Capital Cities Communications purchased the station from Triangle Publications .	0.612	would change	WFIL-TV	its call letters
Sidley will maintain its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo .	0.78	will maintain	Sidley	its association
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .	0.767	hired	it	an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .	0.736	be reported for	a net loss of $ 8.1 million	the third quarter
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .	0.589	reported	it	a net loss of $ 8.1 million
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .	0.445	reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share for	it	the third quarter
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .	0.9	arrived in	East German leader Krenz	Moscow
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .	0.875	arrived with	East German leader Krenz	Gorbachev
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .	0.868	arrived on	East German leader Krenz	restructuring proposals
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .	0.836	arrived for	East German leader Krenz	talks
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .	0.668	arrived	East German leader Krenz	Moscow
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .	0.9	rose 1.2 % in	Private industry 's labor costs	the third quarter
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .	0.867	rose	Private industry 's labor costs	1.2 %
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .	0.779	be rose in	1.2 %	the third quarter
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .	0.585	rose 1.2 % matching	Private industry 's labor costs	the second - quarter pace
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .	0.493	said	the Labor Department	Private industry 's labor costs
Haynes Street ends at Main Street , which connects Sturbridge Center with Southbridge ; on the west side of town , Massachusetts Route 148 connects Fiskdale with Brookfield .	0.826	connects Fiskdale with	Massachusetts Route 148	Brookfield
Haynes Street ends at Main Street , which connects Sturbridge Center with Southbridge ; on the west side of town , Massachusetts Route 148 connects Fiskdale with Brookfield .	0.824	ends at	Haynes Street	Main Street
Haynes Street ends at Main Street , which connects Sturbridge Center with Southbridge ; on the west side of town , Massachusetts Route 148 connects Fiskdale with Brookfield .	0.773	connects	Massachusetts Route 148	Fiskdale
Haynes Street ends at Main Street , which connects Sturbridge Center with Southbridge ; on the west side of town , Massachusetts Route 148 connects Fiskdale with Brookfield .	0.675	connects Fiskdale on	Massachusetts Route 148	the west side of town
Haynes Street ends at Main Street , which connects Sturbridge Center with Southbridge ; on the west side of town , Massachusetts Route 148 connects Fiskdale with Brookfield .	0.566	be connects by	Sturbridge Center	Main Street
Annually , temperatures can exceed for an average of four to five days anytime from late April to mid September and fall below for an average of 28 days .	0.813	Annually can exceed anytime from late April for	temperatures	an average of four to five days
Annually , temperatures can exceed for an average of four to five days anytime from late April to mid September and fall below for an average of 28 days .	0.744	Annually can exceed anytime from late April to mid	temperatures	September and fall
And the final leaf contains the Ptolemaic world map on Ptolemy 's first projection , with graduation .	0.798	contains	the final leaf	the Ptolemaic world map
And the final leaf contains the Ptolemaic world map on Ptolemy 's first projection , with graduation .	0.679	contains the Ptolemaic world map on Ptolemy 's first projection with	the final leaf	graduation
Only when one is ascending -- or in our case descending a tad trop rapidement -- does one feel , well , airborne in a picnic basket .	0.714	does airborne in	one feel	a picnic basket
Official retirement took place at Fort Knox , on 17 October 1992 .	0.875	took place on	Official retirement	17 October 1992
Official retirement took place at Fort Knox , on 17 October 1992 .	0.86	took place at	Official retirement	Fort Knox
Official retirement took place at Fort Knox , on 17 October 1992 .	0.837	took	Official retirement	place
Official retirement took place at Fort Knox , on 17 October 1992 .	0.779	be took on	place	17 October 1992
Official retirement took place at Fort Knox , on 17 October 1992 .	0.707	be took at	place	Fort Knox
Official retirement took place at Fort Knox , on 17 October 1992 .	0.527	took place to	Official retirement	Fort Knox
Cells can integrate BrdU in newly synthesized DNA as a substitute for thymidine .	0.65	can integrate	Cells	BrdU
The Alarm are an alternative rock/new wave band that formed in Rhyl , North Wales , in 1981 .	0.515	be formed in	North Wales	Rhyl
Warner has a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .	0.794	has	Warner	a five - year exclusive contract that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio
Warner has a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .	0.708	to be make at	movies	the Warner Bros. studio
Warner has a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .	0.708	to make movies at	them	the Warner Bros. studio
Warner has a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .	0.626	to make	them	movies
Eventually the connection between an earl and a shire disappeared , so that in the present day a number of earldoms take their names from towns , mountains , or simply surnames .	0.657	so take their names from	a number of earldoms	towns
Eventually the connection between an earl and a shire disappeared , so that in the present day a number of earldoms take their names from towns , mountains , or simply surnames .	0.583	so take	a number of earldoms	their names
Eventually the connection between an earl and a shire disappeared , so that in the present day a number of earldoms take their names from towns , mountains , or simply surnames .	0.489	so take their names in	a number of earldoms	the present day
Historical buildings and monuments in Meaux are mainly located in the old city , inside the old defensive walls , still nowadays partially kept thanks to an important segment of the original surrounding wall from the Gallo-Roman period .	0.9	are mainly located in	Historical buildings and monuments	the old city
Historical buildings and monuments in Meaux are mainly located in the old city , inside the old defensive walls , still nowadays partially kept thanks to an important segment of the original surrounding wall from the Gallo-Roman period .	0.874	are mainly located inside	Historical buildings and monuments	the old defensive walls
Historical buildings and monuments in Meaux are mainly located in the old city , inside the old defensive walls , still nowadays partially kept thanks to an important segment of the original surrounding wall from the Gallo-Roman period .	0.778	be still nowadays partially kept thanks to	Historical buildings and monuments	an important segment of the original surrounding wall
Historical buildings and monuments in Meaux are mainly located in the old city , inside the old defensive walls , still nowadays partially kept thanks to an important segment of the original surrounding wall from the Gallo-Roman period .	0.553	are mainly located at	Historical buildings and monuments	the old city
Historical buildings and monuments in Meaux are mainly located in the old city , inside the old defensive walls , still nowadays partially kept thanks to an important segment of the original surrounding wall from the Gallo-Roman period .	0.552	are mainly located on	Historical buildings and monuments	the old city
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''	0.922	were not consulted about	they	the ( Ridley decision
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''	0.855	were surprised at	they	the action taken
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''	0.695	said in	Jaguar 's board	a statement
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''	0.396	said	Jaguar 's board	a statement
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''	0.394	said to	a statement	Jaguar 's board
`` Billboard '' magazine ranked the album thirty-second in the decade-end recap of the most successful albums of the 2000s , while placing it twelfth in the R&B field .	0.82	ranked	Billboard '' magazine	the album thirty-second
In April 2014 , Zane , along with friend Derek Stevens , announced a Kickstarter to fund a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip , offering donors a chance to ride the famous bus .	0.871	announced	Zane	a Kickstarter
In April 2014 , Zane , along with friend Derek Stevens , announced a Kickstarter to fund a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip , offering donors a chance to ride the famous bus .	0.782	announced	friend Derek Stevens	a Kickstarter
In April 2014 , Zane , along with friend Derek Stevens , announced a Kickstarter to fund a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip , offering donors a chance to ride the famous bus .	0.607	be announced in	a Kickstarter	April 2014
In April 2014 , Zane , along with friend Derek Stevens , announced a Kickstarter to fund a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip , offering donors a chance to ride the famous bus .	0.496	announced a Kickstarter to fund a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip , offering donors a chance to ride the famous bus in	Zane	April 2014
In April 2014 , Zane , along with friend Derek Stevens , announced a Kickstarter to fund a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip , offering donors a chance to ride the famous bus .	0.345	announced a Kickstarter to fund a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip , offering donors a chance to ride the famous bus in	friend Derek Stevens	April 2014
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .	0.704	announced	MCI	a $ 27 million multiyear contract
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .	0.296	announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James in	MCI	Monday
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .	0.643	be senior vice president of	Raymond Pettit	Rockefeller Group
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .	0.594	was named	Robert Q . Marston	chairman
The first was `` Isabel '' in which Barrie played the title role of Isabel Smith .	0.864	played	Barrie	the title role of Isabel Smith
The first was `` Isabel '' in which Barrie played the title role of Isabel Smith .	0.636	was	The first	Isabel
Each skatepark is designed specifically to provide unique challenges to its users .	0.775	to provide unique challenges to	Each skatepark	its users
Each skatepark is designed specifically to provide unique challenges to its users .	0.636	to provide to be	unique challenges	its users
Some potential prey are unpalatable to bats however , and produce an ultrasonic aposematic signal , the auditory equivalent of warning coloration .	0.793	are unpalatable to	Some potential prey	bats
Some potential prey are unpalatable to bats however , and produce an ultrasonic aposematic signal , the auditory equivalent of warning coloration .	0.741	produce	Some potential prey	an ultrasonic aposematic signal
He left his old company , V2 records , wanting to expand his career into something bigger .	0.81	to be expand into	his career	something bigger
He left his old company , V2 records , wanting to expand his career into something bigger .	0.624	left	He	his old company
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .	0.881	just paid about $ 900 for	Ms. Igdaloff	a fancier stationary bike
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .	0.852	just paid about $ 900 with	Ms. Igdaloff	a timer
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .	0.778	feels like	average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat	a chair
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .	0.679	just paid about $ 900	Ms. Igdaloff	dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .	0.577	be just paid about $ 900 for	dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat	a fancier stationary bike
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .	0.577	be just paid about $ 900 with	dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat	a timer
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .	0.536	just paid dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair for	Ms. Igdaloff	a fancier stationary bike
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .	0.368	just paid dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair with	Ms. Igdaloff	a timer
To the west-northwest is the crater Tacitus , and the lava-flooded Beaumont lies to the east along the shore of Mare Nectaris .	0.865	lies to	the crater	the east
To the west-northwest is the crater Tacitus , and the lava-flooded Beaumont lies to the east along the shore of Mare Nectaris .	0.858	lies to	the lava-flooded Beaumont	the east
To the west-northwest is the crater Tacitus , and the lava-flooded Beaumont lies to the east along the shore of Mare Nectaris .	0.849	lies along	the crater	the shore of Mare Nectaris
To the west-northwest is the crater Tacitus , and the lava-flooded Beaumont lies to the east along the shore of Mare Nectaris .	0.849	lies along	the lava-flooded Beaumont	the shore of Mare Nectaris
To the west-northwest is the crater Tacitus , and the lava-flooded Beaumont lies to the east along the shore of Mare Nectaris .	0.613	is to	the crater	the west-northwest
To the west-northwest is the crater Tacitus , and the lava-flooded Beaumont lies to the east along the shore of Mare Nectaris .	0.599	is to	the lava-flooded Beaumont	the west-northwest
In the extreme south , the national language Dzongkha is spoken .	0.754	is spoken in	the national language Dzongkha	the extreme south
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .	0.821	provide telecommunications services to	The companies being acquired	the telephone industry
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .	0.783	provide	The companies being acquired	telecommunications services
It continues following U.S. Route 220 during this time , picking up a few tributaries , including Lick Run .	0.843	continues following	It	U.S. Route 220
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , `` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . ''	0.856	must be populated with	a lot of garages	them
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , `` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . ''	0.856	must be populated with	a lot of garages	than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , `` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . ''	0.74	be sold in	than 15 million exercise bikes	the past five years
This attire has also become popular with women of other communities .	0.873	has also become popular with	This attire	women of other communities
This attire has also become popular with women of other communities .	0.788	has also become	This attire	popular
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''	0.774	did n't begin with	The pressure	Al Achenbaum
Metromedia , headed by John W. Kluge , has interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment .	0.869	has in	Metromedia	telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment
Metromedia , headed by John W. Kluge , has interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment .	0.822	has	Metromedia	interests
Metromedia , headed by John W. Kluge , has interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment .	0.804	be headed by	Metromedia	John W. Kluge
In addition to canons and services to the Lord Jesus Christ , the Mother of God , and the angels , Mark honored his favorite Fathers of the Church : St. Gregory Palamas , St. John Damascene , St. Symeon Metaphrastes , along with a wealth of more ancient saints .	0.551	honored his favorite Fathers of the Church	Mark	St . Gregory Palamas
In addition to canons and services to the Lord Jesus Christ , the Mother of God , and the angels , Mark honored his favorite Fathers of the Church : St. Gregory Palamas , St. John Damascene , St. Symeon Metaphrastes , along with a wealth of more ancient saints .	0.327	honored his favorite Fathers of the Church in	Mark	addition
In addition to canons and services to the Lord Jesus Christ , the Mother of God , and the angels , Mark honored his favorite Fathers of the Church : St. Gregory Palamas , St. John Damascene , St. Symeon Metaphrastes , along with a wealth of more ancient saints .	0.22	be addition to	the Lord Jesus Christ	the Mother of God
In addition to canons and services to the Lord Jesus Christ , the Mother of God , and the angels , Mark honored his favorite Fathers of the Church : St. Gregory Palamas , St. John Damascene , St. Symeon Metaphrastes , along with a wealth of more ancient saints .	0.214	honored St . Gregory Palamas , St . John Damascene , St . Symeon Metaphrastes , along with a wealth of more ancient saints	Mark	his favorite Fathers of the Church
In addition to canons and services to the Lord Jesus Christ , the Mother of God , and the angels , Mark honored his favorite Fathers of the Church : St. Gregory Palamas , St. John Damascene , St. Symeon Metaphrastes , along with a wealth of more ancient saints .	0.115	honored St . Gregory Palamas , St . John Damascene , St . Symeon Metaphrastes , along with a wealth of more ancient saints in	Mark	addition
Combined with appropriate match pellets these rifles produce a consistent 10 ring performance , so a non-maximal result during the initial phase can be attributed to the participant .	0.894	can be attributed to	the initial phase	the participant
Combined with appropriate match pellets these rifles produce a consistent 10 ring performance , so a non-maximal result during the initial phase can be attributed to the participant .	0.699	produce	these rifles	a consistent 10 ring performance
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .	0.781	continue including	Several ridiculous projects	the `` New International Economic Order
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .	0.606	be means by	redistributionism to pay for everyone else 's statism	the `` New International Economic Order
This used the section of the C&HP line from Buxton as far as Parsley Hay , from where a single line ran south to Ashbourne , where it connected with the North Staffordshire Railway .	0.852	ran south to	a single line	Ashbourne
This used the section of the C&HP line from Buxton as far as Parsley Hay , from where a single line ran south to Ashbourne , where it connected with the North Staffordshire Railway .	0.84	connected with	it	the North Staffordshire Railway
This used the section of the C&HP line from Buxton as far as Parsley Hay , from where a single line ran south to Ashbourne , where it connected with the North Staffordshire Railway .	0.393	be used as far as Parsley Hay , where a single line ran south Ashbourne , where it connected the North Staffordshire Railway from	the section of the C&HP line	Buxton
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	0.753	are launching with	new lines	much fanfare
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	0.67	are launching new lines with	jewelry makers	much fanfare
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	0.574	are launching	jewelry makers	new lines
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	0.319	be maker of	Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc.	Anne Klein jewelry
It hosts the `` Zomercarnaval '' , the second largest Caribbean carnival in Europe , originally called the Antillean carnival .	0.582	hosts	It	the `` Zomercarnaval
It hosts the `` Zomercarnaval '' , the second largest Caribbean carnival in Europe , originally called the Antillean carnival .	0.499	be the second largest Caribbean carnival in	the `` Zomercarnaval	Europe
Robert Hammond then wrote to Oliver Cromwell asking for leniency for Love .	0.878	then wrote to	Robert Hammond	Oliver Cromwell
Robert Hammond then wrote to Oliver Cromwell asking for leniency for Love .	0.785	then wrote asking for	Robert Hammond	leniency
Robert Hammond then wrote to Oliver Cromwell asking for leniency for Love .	0.605	then wrote of	Robert Hammond	Oliver Cromwell
However , a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv said that Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty .	0.709	to sell to be	the Candu heavy - water reactor	Israel
However , a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv said that Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty .	0.706	to sell	Canada	the Candu heavy - water reactor
However , a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv said that Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty .	0.658	was	Canada	unlikely
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .	0.864	also has	IFI	nonvoting preferred shares which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange
In French , `` droit '' can mean `` the whole body of the Law '' , as in the motto `` dieu et mon droit , '' which is to say `` God and my whole body of Law . ''	0.789	can mean	droit	the whole body of the Law
In French , `` droit '' can mean `` the whole body of the Law '' , as in the motto `` dieu et mon droit , '' which is to say `` God and my whole body of Law . ''	0.495	be the whole body of	droit	the Law
In French , `` droit '' can mean `` the whole body of the Law '' , as in the motto `` dieu et mon droit , '' which is to say `` God and my whole body of Law . ''	0.431	can be mean in	the whole body of the Law	French
In French , `` droit '' can mean `` the whole body of the Law '' , as in the motto `` dieu et mon droit , '' which is to say `` God and my whole body of Law . ''	0.375	can mean `` the whole body of the Law '' , as in the motto `` dieu et mon droit , '' which is to say `` God and my whole body of Law . '' in	droit	French
Lake Elsinore Diamond , commonly referred to as Storm Stadium , is a baseball park in Lake Elsinore , California .	0.916	is a baseball park in	Lake Elsinore Diamond	Lake Elsinore
Lake Elsinore Diamond , commonly referred to as Storm Stadium , is a baseball park in Lake Elsinore , California .	0.804	be commonly referred as	Lake Elsinore Diamond	Storm Stadium
Lake Elsinore Diamond , commonly referred to as Storm Stadium , is a baseball park in Lake Elsinore , California .	0.804	is	Lake Elsinore Diamond	a baseball park
Around the `` triangle area , '' which includes Quanzhou , Xiamen and Zhangzhou , locals all speak Minnan languages .	0.69	speak	Quanzhou , Xiamen and Zhangzhou	Minnan languages
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker .	0.865	fires the starting pistol for	Mr. Ridley 's decision	a costly contest
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker .	0.797	fires	Mr. Ridley 's decision	the starting pistol
Lonsdaleite is simulated to be 58 % harder than diamond on the < 100 > face and to resist indentation pressures of 152 GPa , whereas diamond would break at 97 GPa .	0.575	to be resist whereas	indentation pressures of 152 GPa	diamond
In an elevated position and strategically dominant stands the Castle , erected or at least altered by Frederick II in the thirteenth century , on the basis of an ancient fortress Greek-Roman then used by the Arabs and Normans , trapezoidal with three towers and two square and a circular plan .	0.932	then used by	Greek-Roman	the Arabs and Normans , trapezoidal
In an elevated position and strategically dominant stands the Castle , erected or at least altered by Frederick II in the thirteenth century , on the basis of an ancient fortress Greek-Roman then used by the Arabs and Normans , trapezoidal with three towers and two square and a circular plan .	0.813	erected on	the Castle	the basis of an ancient fortress
Hank McCoy briefly returned to his humanoid/simian form with his hair color now being depicted as black , not reddish-brown .	0.883	returned to	Hank McCoy briefly	his humanoid/simian form
Hank McCoy briefly returned to his humanoid/simian form with his hair color now being depicted as black , not reddish-brown .	0.655	now being depicted as	his hair color	black , not
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .	0.93	is Wednesday 's survey of	The first	purchasing managers
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .	0.902	fared in	the nation 's manufacturing sector	October
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .	0.768	is	The first	Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .	0.735	is survey of purchasing managers of	The first	Wednesday
They regarded the Blue House Raid and the seizure of the `` Pueblo '' as signs of a North Korean threat that had to be dealt with strongly by both the ROK and the U.S. .	0.871	regarded	They	the Blue House Raid and the seizure of the `` Pueblo
Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle noted : `` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness '' .	0.932	remained the most powerful contribution of	Childers 's book	any English writer
Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle noted : `` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness '' .	0.918	remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to	Childers 's book	the debate
Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle noted : `` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness '' .	0.823	remained	Childers 's book	the most powerful contribution of any English writer
Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle noted : `` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness '' .	0.772	noted	Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle	the most powerful contribution of any English writer
Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle noted : `` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness '' .	0.734	remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer for	Childers 's book	the next ten years
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''	0.565	is	RU-486	safe
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .	0.718	would double	the acquisition	the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion
By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas , Coke has been able to improve bottlers ' efficiency and production , and in some cases , marketing .	0.724	to improve	Coke	bottlers ' efficiency and production
By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas , Coke has been able to improve bottlers ' efficiency and production , and in some cases , marketing .	0.708	has marketing in	Coke	some cases
Meatal stenosis may also be caused by ischemia resulting from damage to the frenular artery during circumcision .	0.925	may also be caused by	Meatal stenosis	ischemia resulting
Meatal stenosis may also be caused by ischemia resulting from damage to the frenular artery during circumcision .	0.806	may also be caused during	Meatal stenosis	circumcision
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .	0.799	encourages	The delight of television	overuse of slogans
It was club policy to promote talent into the senior team that was adopted by Bill Dimovski .	0.786	to be promote into	talent	the senior team that was adopted by Bill Dimovski
It was club policy to promote talent into the senior team that was adopted by Bill Dimovski .	0.649	was	It	club policy
The race is in mixed eights , and usually held in late February / early March .	0.823	is in	The race	mixed eights
The race is in mixed eights , and usually held in late February / early March .	0.796	usually held in	The race	late February /
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .	0.537	be old student from	Joel Bryant	Pasadena
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .	0.215	be old student from	Pasadena	Calif
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .	0.744	Right now is spending on	about 12 % of our gross national product	health care
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .	0.624	Right now is spending	the American populace	about 12 % of our gross national product
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .	0.513	Right now is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on	the American populace	health care
If given this data , the Germans would be able to adjust their aim and correct any shortfall .	0.767	would be	the Germans	able
If given this data , the Germans would be able to adjust their aim and correct any shortfall .	0.562	to adjust	the Germans	their aim
If given this data , the Germans would be able to adjust their aim and correct any shortfall .	0.532	to correct	the Germans	any shortfall
The basket product , while it has got off to a slow start , is being supported by some big brokerage firms -- another member of Mr. Phelan 's splintered constituency .	0.772	is being supported by	The basket product	some big brokerage firms
The basket product , while it has got off to a slow start , is being supported by some big brokerage firms -- another member of Mr. Phelan 's splintered constituency .	0.644	has got off to	it	a slow start
But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % .	0.845	would still have to alter	a hostile bidder	the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 %
But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % .	0.783	to alter	a hostile bidder	the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 %
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .	0.793	prompted	The amendment	an ironic protest
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .	0.415	would kill	it	capital punishment
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .	0.77	be attorney of	Charles LaBella	U.S.
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .	0.691	did n't return	Charles LaBella	phone calls seeking comment
With the hidden dimension of `` Penimiut haTorah '' the thought describes how , in the purpose of Creation that God chose to take upon Himself , man is needed to fulfil the redemption .	0.612	chose to take upon	God	Himself
With the hidden dimension of `` Penimiut haTorah '' the thought describes how , in the purpose of Creation that God chose to take upon Himself , man is needed to fulfil the redemption .	0.573	to fulfil	man	the redemption
With the hidden dimension of `` Penimiut haTorah '' the thought describes how , in the purpose of Creation that God chose to take upon Himself , man is needed to fulfil the redemption .	0.458	to take upon	God	Himself
After five years of searching , the Colonials found a primitive , lush and vibrant new world and named it Earth .	0.767	found	the Colonials	a primitive , lush and vibrant new world
After five years of searching , the Colonials found a primitive , lush and vibrant new world and named it Earth .	0.761	found a primitive , lush and vibrant new world after	the Colonials	five years of searching
After five years of searching , the Colonials found a primitive , lush and vibrant new world and named it Earth .	0.63	be found after	a primitive , lush and vibrant new world	five years of searching
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .	0.784	will visit	The mission	Poland
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .	0.77	said from	the White House	Nov. 29
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .	0.695	said to	the White House	Dec. 2
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .	0.384	said of	the White House	Dec. 2
To face this threat , Samuel gathered a large army to face the Byzantines , some claiming it numbered as many as 45,000 soldiers .	0.854	gathered	Samuel	a large army to face the Byzantines
To face this threat , Samuel gathered a large army to face the Byzantines , some claiming it numbered as many as 45,000 soldiers .	0.782	numbered	it	as many as 45,000 soldiers
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva .	0.52	be calculated by	Geneva	Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective
Parental investment is any expenditure of resources to benefit one offspring .	0.939	is any expenditure of	Parental investment	resources
Parental investment is any expenditure of resources to benefit one offspring .	0.802	is	Parental investment	any expenditure of resources to benefit one offspring
Many overseas Chinese whose ancestors came from the Quanzhou area , especially those in Southeast Asia , often speak mainly Hokkien at home .	0.863	came from	whose ancestors	the Quanzhou area
Many overseas Chinese whose ancestors came from the Quanzhou area , especially those in Southeast Asia , often speak mainly Hokkien at home .	0.697	often speak mainly Hokkien at	Many overseas Chinese	home
Many overseas Chinese whose ancestors came from the Quanzhou area , especially those in Southeast Asia , often speak mainly Hokkien at home .	0.624	often speak	Many overseas Chinese	Hokkien
Many overseas Chinese whose ancestors came from the Quanzhou area , especially those in Southeast Asia , often speak mainly Hokkien at home .	0.522	came to	whose ancestors	the Quanzhou area
Preparation is traditionally described as collection of the residue from meat roasts but modern production is from such residue added to boiling water with a generous amount of salt .	0.948	is traditionally described as	Preparation	collection of the residue
Preparation is traditionally described as collection of the residue from meat roasts but modern production is from such residue added to boiling water with a generous amount of salt .	0.743	be boiling with	water	a generous amount of salt
Eventually , she decides she likes being a superhero , and she begins regular patrols as the Spoiler .	0.774	begins regular patrols as	she	the Spoiler
Eventually , she decides she likes being a superhero , and she begins regular patrols as the Spoiler .	0.71	begins	she	regular patrols
Noatak has a gravel public airstrip and is primarily reached by air .	0.844	is primarily reached by	Noatak	air
Noatak has a gravel public airstrip and is primarily reached by air .	0.713	has	Noatak	a gravel public airstrip
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .	0.908	steadily lost space in	marketers of faux gems	department stores
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .	0.839	steadily lost space to	marketers of faux gems	fashionable rivals
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .	0.829	steadily lost	marketers of faux gems	space
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .	0.804	be steadily lost in	space	department stores
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .	0.736	be steadily lost to	space	fashionable rivals
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .	0.708	steadily lost space as	marketers of faux gems	a result
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .	0.687	steadily lost space	marketers of faux gems	department stores
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .	0.565	be steadily lost as	space	a result
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .	0.538	steadily lost space at	marketers of faux gems	fashionable rivals
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .	0.32	steadily lost space to	department stores	marketers of faux gems
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .	0.654	be mentioned in	the other retailers	the story
Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined .	0.843	could boost the company 's value by	Courtaulds ' moves	5 %
Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined .	0.788	could boost	Courtaulds ' moves	the company 's value
Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined .	0.735	could be boost by	the company 's value	5 %
Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined .	0.649	separately will carry	the two entities	a higher price earnings multiple
In the school year 1999-2000 , the Mathematics department proposed an amendment on the Math curriculum of UPRHS .	0.829	proposed	the Mathematics department	an amendment
In the school year 1999-2000 , the Mathematics department proposed an amendment on the Math curriculum of UPRHS .	0.657	proposed an amendment on the Math curriculum of UPRHS in	the Mathematics department	the school year 1999-2000
In the school year 1999-2000 , the Mathematics department proposed an amendment on the Math curriculum of UPRHS .	0.565	be proposed in	an amendment	the school year 1999-2000
This study also reveals that young children can be equipped with certain qualities for cognitive operations , depending on how logical the structure of the task is .	0.907	can be equipped with	young children	certain qualities
In those years , he began to collaborate with some newspapers .	0.84	began to collaborate with	he	some newspapers
In those years , he began to collaborate with some newspapers .	0.738	to collaborate with	he	some newspapers
In those years , he began to collaborate with some newspapers .	0.601	began in	he	those years
After another 2 or 3 days in the fridge the marinated fillets are ready to eat .	0.663	are ready after	the marinated fillets	another 2 or 3 days
In 1577 , she unsuccessfully proposed to the city council that it should establish a home for poor women , of which she would become the administrator .	0.821	unsuccessfully proposed to	she	the city council
In 1577 , she unsuccessfully proposed to the city council that it should establish a home for poor women , of which she would become the administrator .	0.652	would become	she	the administrator
In 1577 , she unsuccessfully proposed to the city council that it should establish a home for poor women , of which she would become the administrator .	0.535	should establish	it	a home
In 1577 , she unsuccessfully proposed to the city council that it should establish a home for poor women , of which she would become the administrator .	0.53	unsuccessfully proposed in	she	1577
In 1577 , she unsuccessfully proposed to the city council that it should establish a home for poor women , of which she would become the administrator .	0.325	be a home for	it	poor women of which she would become the administrator
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .	0.903	featured	its sales flyer	a prominent photograph of two grinning boys
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .	0.878	be featured with	a prominent photograph of two grinning boys	the word `` RAPE spelled out in the center of the board buried amongst nonsense words
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .	0.875	featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with	its sales flyer	the word `` RAPE spelled out in the center of the board buried amongst nonsense words
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .	0.806	suffered	the company	a public relations embarrassment
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .	0.752	be buried amongst	the word `` RAPE spelled out in the center of the board	nonsense words
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .	0.743	suffered a public relations embarrassment in	the company	November 1998
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .	0.607	be suffered in	a public relations embarrassment	November 1998
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .	0.908	rose a slight 0.2 %	Leading indicators	a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .	0.886	rose a slight 0.2 % in	Leading indicators	September
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .	0.598	be rose a slight 0.2 % in	a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign	September
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .	0.548	rose a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms in	Leading indicators	September
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .	0.489	rose a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms	Leading indicators	a slight 0.2 %
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .	0.38	be rose a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms in	a slight 0.2 %	September
One example could be `` Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of `` Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .	0.685	could be	One example	Time
One example could be `` Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of `` Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .	0.595	be the first song of	Breathe	the same album
One example could be `` Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of `` Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .	0.487	be the fifth song from	Time	Pink Floyd 's 1973 album
One example could be `` Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of `` Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .	0.41	be contains by	a reprise of `` Breathe	The Moon
Whenever this happened , he usually received a call shortly thereafter from an irritated Kubrick .	0.524	usually received shortly thereafter from an irritated Kubrick	he	a call
At the rear of the cockpit , the bulkhead was covered by a canvas cover which could be breached by the crew in an emergency , enabling them to escape into the main fuselage .	0.928	was covered by	the bulkhead	a canvas cover which could be breached by the crew in an emergency
At the rear of the cockpit , the bulkhead was covered by a canvas cover which could be breached by the crew in an emergency , enabling them to escape into the main fuselage .	0.801	was covered at	the bulkhead	the rear of the cockpit
At the rear of the cockpit , the bulkhead was covered by a canvas cover which could be breached by the crew in an emergency , enabling them to escape into the main fuselage .	0.747	to escape into	them	the main fuselage
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade .	0.766	will leave it below	the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989	its position
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade .	0.716	to turn	Strong sales	the tide
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade .	0.655	will leave	the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989	it
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade .	0.618	that expects in	Nissan	1989
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade .	0.574	will be leave below	it	its position
Calor provide gas both for use in bulk tanks and in smaller gas cylinders .	0.738	provide	Calor	gas
Roger M. Marino , president , was named to the new post of vice chairman .	0.944	was named to	Roger M. Marino	the new post of vice chairman
Roger M. Marino , president , was named to the new post of vice chairman .	0.335	post of	new	vice chairman
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . ''	0.762	will extend	the acquisition	EG&G 's core technologies
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . ''	0.659	will strengthen	the acquisition	its position
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . ''	0.575	will assure	the acquisition	a strength and presence
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . ''	0.562	be chairman of	John M. Kucharski	EG&G
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .	0.913	attributed the decline to	A federation official	brisk demand
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .	0.837	attributed	A federation official	the decline
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .	0.804	be attributed to	the decline	brisk demand
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .	0.724	be backed by	domestic industries	continuing economic expansion
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .	0.796	would invade not only federal but state sentencings in	the Kennedy amendment	two important ways
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .	0.717	would invade	the Kennedy amendment	not only federal but state sentencings
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .	0.695	would be invade in	not only federal but state sentencings	two important ways
Cybotron were pioneers of Australian electronic music with their version of Kraut rock while the local music scene was dominated by pub rock .	0.945	were pioneers of	Cybotron	Australian electronic music
Cybotron were pioneers of Australian electronic music with their version of Kraut rock while the local music scene was dominated by pub rock .	0.869	was dominated by	the local music scene	pub rock
Cybotron were pioneers of Australian electronic music with their version of Kraut rock while the local music scene was dominated by pub rock .	0.852	were	Cybotron	pioneers of Australian electronic music
In 1809 Cockburn married his cousin Mary Cockburn ; they had one surviving daughter , Augusta Harriot Mary .	0.783	had	they	one surviving daughter
In 1809 Cockburn married his cousin Mary Cockburn ; they had one surviving daughter , Augusta Harriot Mary .	0.678	married	Cockburn	his cousin Mary Cockburn
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .	0.825	to plan	the company	more debt
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .	0.773	be chief financial officer of	William Carmichael	Beatrice
Although four people were killed and almost all survivors were injured , Hitler himself was shielded from the blast by the heavy , solid-oak conference table leg and was only slightly wounded .	0.932	was shielded from	Hitler	the blast
Although four people were killed and almost all survivors were injured , Hitler himself was shielded from the blast by the heavy , solid-oak conference table leg and was only slightly wounded .	0.879	was shielded by	Hitler	the heavy , solid-oak conference table leg
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .	0.794	to reset	Western Union	the interest rate
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .	0.756	was forced in	Western Union	June
A minor triad can also be described as a minor third interval with a major third interval on top or as a root note , a note 3 semitones higher than the root , and a note 7 semitones higher than the root .	0.929	can also be described as	A minor triad	a minor third interval
Answering incorrectly causes the contestant to lose all accumulated money to his or her opponent and forces the contestant to play Russian Roulette .	0.637	to lose to be	all accumulated money	his or her opponent and forces
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .	0.582	undermine	Humana 's own actions	its argument
From the , 275 or 26.1 % were Roman Catholic , while 624 or 59.3 % belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church .	0.832	belonged to	624 or 59.3 %	the Swiss Reformed Church
From the , 275 or 26.1 % were Roman Catholic , while 624 or 59.3 % belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church .	0.675	were	275 or 26.1 %	Roman Catholic
In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share .	0.829	rose	profit	10 %
In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share .	0.708	rose 10 % in	profit	the first nine months
In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share .	0.565	be rose in	10 %	the first nine months
Following the end of WWII , NAS Glenview discontinued its role as a primary training base and became headquarters for the newly formed Naval Air Reserve Training Command in 1946 .	0.786	Following discontinued its role as	the end	a primary training base and became headquarters
Following the end of WWII , NAS Glenview discontinued its role as a primary training base and became headquarters for the newly formed Naval Air Reserve Training Command in 1946 .	0.658	Following discontinued its role as	WWII	a primary training base and became headquarters
Following the end of WWII , NAS Glenview discontinued its role as a primary training base and became headquarters for the newly formed Naval Air Reserve Training Command in 1946 .	0.607	Following discontinued	the end	its role
Following the end of WWII , NAS Glenview discontinued its role as a primary training base and became headquarters for the newly formed Naval Air Reserve Training Command in 1946 .	0.464	Following discontinued	WWII	its role
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .	0.828	received	Loral Corp. 's defense systems division	a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract
A spokesman said HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank .	0.793	has paid	HealthVest	two of the three banks
A spokesman said HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank .	0.75	owed	it	interest
A spokesman said HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank .	0.657	has is in	HealthVest	negotiations
Australian Amber Wing was the first woman to land a ts fs wake to wake 900 .	0.754	was	Australian Amber Wing	the first woman to land a ts
Australian Amber Wing was the first woman to land a ts fs wake to wake 900 .	0.58	wake to wake	fs	900
After this she became very ill with a severe cold or pneumonia .	0.743	became very ill with	she	a severe cold or pneumonia
After this she became very ill with a severe cold or pneumonia .	0.683	became very	she	ill
For use in icy ground , up to 18 rubber pads can be replaced by the same number of grousers , which are stored in the vehicle 's bow when not in use .	0.917	can be replaced by	up to 18 rubber pads	the same number of grousers
For use in icy ground , up to 18 rubber pads can be replaced by the same number of grousers , which are stored in the vehicle 's bow when not in use .	0.54	can be replaced for	up to 18 rubber pads	use
The lyrics were written by their keyboardist Tony Banks .	0.89	were written by	The lyrics	their keyboardist Tony Banks
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .	0.751	could remain	profits	disappointing
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .	0.541	eases interest rates soon to stimulate	the Federal Reserve	the economy
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .	0.388	eases soon	the Federal Reserve	interest rates
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .	0.766	So totaled $ 23.1 billion down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier in	border acquisitions	the second quarter
As for punishment , intoxication may be a mitigating factor that decreases a prison or jail sentence .	0.777	may be	intoxication	a mitigating factor that decreases a prison or jail sentence
As for punishment , intoxication may be a mitigating factor that decreases a prison or jail sentence .	0.564	be decreases by	a prison or jail sentence	a mitigating factor
After a long tenure on Monday nights , Keibler and fellow `` Raw '' Diva , Christy Hemme , were moved to `` SmackDown ! ''	0.641	were moved after	Keibler and fellow `` Raw '' Diva	a long tenure
Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies .	0.795	may be	Japan	a tough market for outsiders to penetrate
Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies .	0.651	may is hopelessly behind	Japan	Japan
Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies .	0.636	may is hopelessly in	Japan	certain technologies
Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies .	0.604	may be	the U.S.	a tough market for outsiders to penetrate
Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies .	0.6	may is hopelessly behind	the U.S.	Japan
Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies .	0.584	may is hopelessly in	the U.S.	certain technologies
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .	0.769	has said of	MiniScribe	its financial results
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .	0.83	would be	he or his heir	wellplaced
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .	0.694	be establish in	control	Eastern Europe
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .	0.057	to construct	he	a popular and efficient corporatist system
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .	0.024	were	he	able
Syncronys settled with the FTC and the suing customers in 1996 .	0.885	settled with	Syncronys	the FTC
Syncronys settled with the FTC and the suing customers in 1996 .	0.846	be the suing customers in	Syncronys	1996
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four-toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .	0.887	identified during	Reptiles	surveys
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .	0.612	gaining	the bigger houses	a larger share of total commissions
Some have been training for months ; others only recently left active status .	0.806	only recently left	others	active status
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines .	0.708	said despite	traders	the modest gains
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines .	0.701	remains	the market	dull
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines .	0.631	remaining cautiously on	investors	the sidelines
The district also provides recreation and leisure services to many non-residents of the area on a fee basis .	0.905	also provides recreation and leisure services to	The district	many non-residents of the area
The district also provides recreation and leisure services to many non-residents of the area on a fee basis .	0.807	also provides	The district	recreation and leisure services
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .	0.894	will be distributed among	the money	overseas units
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .	0.771	were	they	n't sure
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .	0.511	will receive	NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd.	priority
Major hits with Columbia included `` Give It Up '' , `` This I Swear '' , and `` In The Mood '' .	0.824	hits with	Major	Columbia
Major hits with Columbia included `` Give It Up '' , `` This I Swear '' , and `` In The Mood '' .	0.795	be Give It in	This I Swear	The Mood
Major hits with Columbia included `` Give It Up '' , `` This I Swear '' , and `` In The Mood '' .	0.545	be Give This I Swear '' in	It	The Mood
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .	0.908	rose to	Japan 's index of leading indicators	63.6
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .	0.839	rose above	Japan 's index of leading indicators	the so - called boom
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .	0.827	rose in	Japan 's index of leading indicators	August
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .	0.794	rose for	Japan 's index of leading indicators	the first time
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends today .	0.687	ends in	a two - year labor pact	today
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends today .	0.676	belong to	two Chilean mines	the Exxon
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends today .	0.623	owned	Workers	Minera Disputado group
This engine was equipped with an electronically controlled carburetor .	0.919	was equipped with	This engine	an electronically controlled carburetor
Between 1500 and 800 BC , `` Oryza glaberrima '' propagated from its original centre , the Niger River delta , and extended to Senegal .	0.847	be propagated from	Oryza glaberrima	its original centre
Between 1500 and 800 BC , `` Oryza glaberrima '' propagated from its original centre , the Niger River delta , and extended to Senegal .	0.771	be propagated between	Oryza glaberrima	1500 and 800 BC
Overall , net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds , fell to $ 1.9 billion in September from $ 4.2 billion in August , the trade group said .	0.894	Overall fell in	net sales of all mutual funds	September
Overall , net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds , fell to $ 1.9 billion in September from $ 4.2 billion in August , the trade group said .	0.497	said	the trade group	net sales of all mutual funds
Overall , net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds , fell to $ 1.9 billion in September from $ 4.2 billion in August , the trade group said .	0.41	Overall fell to	September	net sales of all mutual funds
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .	0.8	do in	they	the U.S.
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .	0.769	put a greater emphasis on	customers	quality and service
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .	0.739	are higher in	prices	Japan
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .	0.64	put	customers	a greater emphasis
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .	0.795	could easily have created	An imaginative producer	a fast - moving and interesting piece
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .	0.741	got	voters	a federally funded university project and building
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .	0.613	got	Congress	a federally funded university project and building
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .	0.648	trading as	Jaguar shares	American Depositary Receipts
The Bourbons built additional reception rooms and reconstructed the Sala d'Ercole , named for its frescos depicted the mythological hero , Hercules .	0.806	built	The Bourbons	additional reception rooms
The Bourbons built additional reception rooms and reconstructed the Sala d'Ercole , named for its frescos depicted the mythological hero , Hercules .	0.796	depicted	the Sala d'Ercole	the mythological hero
The Bourbons built additional reception rooms and reconstructed the Sala d'Ercole , named for its frescos depicted the mythological hero , Hercules .	0.734	be named for	the Sala d'Ercole	its frescos
The Bourbons built additional reception rooms and reconstructed the Sala d'Ercole , named for its frescos depicted the mythological hero , Hercules .	0.676	depicted	The Bourbons	the mythological hero
The Bourbons built additional reception rooms and reconstructed the Sala d'Ercole , named for its frescos depicted the mythological hero , Hercules .	0.657	built	the Sala d'Ercole	additional reception rooms
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .	0.435	's not thinking anymore about	He	home runs
`` Nothing can be better than this , '' says Don Sider , owner of the West Palm Beach Tropics .	0.595	be owner of	Don Sider	the West Palm Beach Tropics
When the character was brought back in `` First Date '' , the casting directors preferred a younger actress , who could seem more like a vulnerable teenage mother , and hired K.D. Aubert .	0.845	was brought back in	the character	First Date
When the character was brought back in `` First Date '' , the casting directors preferred a younger actress , who could seem more like a vulnerable teenage mother , and hired K.D. Aubert .	0.799	preferred	the casting directors	a younger actress who could seem more like a vulnerable teenage mother
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .	0.71	hustles to house	he	painting jobs
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .	0.54	hustles in	he	These days
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .	0.815	adopted	it	an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .	0.781	to be purchase at	shares	half price
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .	0.754	to be purchase under	shares	certain conditions
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .	0.676	be a maker of	New Brunswick Scientific Co.	biotechnology instrumentation and equipment
Flyers were distributed weekly to advertise sales that ran from Sunday through Saturday .	0.82	ran from	sales	Sunday
Israel responded with airstrikes and artillery fire on targets in Lebanon , and a ground invasion of southern Lebanon , resulting in the 2006 Lebanon War .	0.936	responded with	Israel	airstrikes and artillery fire
Israel responded with airstrikes and artillery fire on targets in Lebanon , and a ground invasion of southern Lebanon , resulting in the 2006 Lebanon War .	0.762	resulting in	a ground invasion of southern Lebanon	the 2006 Lebanon War
Israel responded with airstrikes and artillery fire on targets in Lebanon , and a ground invasion of southern Lebanon , resulting in the 2006 Lebanon War .	0.69	be a ground invasion of	Israel	southern Lebanon
Prior to the war , he was a lawyer , public official , and politician in Hillsborough , North Carolina , and was heavily involved in opposing the Regulator movement , an uprising of settlers in the North Carolina piedmont between 1765 and 1771 .	0.782	was a lawyer in	he	Hillsborough
Prior to the war , he was a lawyer , public official , and politician in Hillsborough , North Carolina , and was heavily involved in opposing the Regulator movement , an uprising of settlers in the North Carolina piedmont between 1765 and 1771 .	0.635	was	he	a lawyer , public official , and politician
Prior to the war , he was a lawyer , public official , and politician in Hillsborough , North Carolina , and was heavily involved in opposing the Regulator movement , an uprising of settlers in the North Carolina piedmont between 1765 and 1771 .	0.578	be an uprising of	a lawyer , public official , and politician	settlers
Prior to the war , he was a lawyer , public official , and politician in Hillsborough , North Carolina , and was heavily involved in opposing the Regulator movement , an uprising of settlers in the North Carolina piedmont between 1765 and 1771 .	0.489	be an uprising of settlers between	a lawyer , public official , and politician	1765 and 1771
Prior to the war , he was a lawyer , public official , and politician in Hillsborough , North Carolina , and was heavily involved in opposing the Regulator movement , an uprising of settlers in the North Carolina piedmont between 1765 and 1771 .	0.359	was a lawyer in	Hillsborough	North Carolina
Jackie Blanchflower and Johnny Berry were injured to such an extent that their playing careers were over , and Kenny Morgans was never the same player he had been before the crash .	0.925	were injured to	Jackie Blanchflower and Johnny Berry	such an extent
Jackie Blanchflower and Johnny Berry were injured to such an extent that their playing careers were over , and Kenny Morgans was never the same player he had been before the crash .	0.83	were player	their playing careers	over , and Kenny Morgans was never the same player he had been before the crash
Jackie Blanchflower and Johnny Berry were injured to such an extent that their playing careers were over , and Kenny Morgans was never the same player he had been before the crash .	0.743	had been before	he	the crash
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''	0.651	are minor in	these things	the scheme of things
With the help of Morena , the goddess of the underworld , she has captivated Yaromir .	0.642	has captivated	she	Yaromir
With the help of Morena , the goddess of the underworld , she has captivated Yaromir .	0.535	has captivated Yaromir with	she	the help of Morena
With the help of Morena , the goddess of the underworld , she has captivated Yaromir .	0.493	be the goddess of	Morena	the underworld
With the help of Morena , the goddess of the underworld , she has captivated Yaromir .	0.288	be the help of	Morena	the goddess of the underworld
The poll points up some inconsistencies between what people say and what they do .	0.807	points up	The poll	some inconsistencies
San Francisco 's diversity of cultures along with its eccentricities are so great that they have greatly influenced the country and the world at large over the years .	0.761	have greatly influenced	they	the country and the world
San Francisco 's diversity of cultures along with its eccentricities are so great that they have greatly influenced the country and the world at large over the years .	0.587	be San Francisco 's diversity of	great	cultures
Due to increased passenger numbers , Northern has installed new ticket machines at some stations .	0.836	has installed new ticket machines at	Northern	some stations
Due to increased passenger numbers , Northern has installed new ticket machines at some stations .	0.801	has installed	Northern	new ticket machines
Due to increased passenger numbers , Northern has installed new ticket machines at some stations .	0.595	has installed new ticket machines to	Northern	increased passenger numbers
The uniforms were designed by Canadian fashion designer Debbie Shuchat .	0.919	were designed by	The uniforms	Canadian fashion designer Debbie Shuchat
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .	0.9	agreed on	Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration	a compromise minimum
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .	0.674	agreed opening	Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration	the way
Nothing is known for certain about his life before about 1580 , but contemporary or near-contemporary accounts suggest that he was brought up as a member of the Church of Scotland , spent some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent , and was converted to Catholicism in Spain .	0.943	is known for	Nothing	certain
Nothing is known for certain about his life before about 1580 , but contemporary or near-contemporary accounts suggest that he was brought up as a member of the Church of Scotland , spent some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent , and was converted to Catholicism in Spain .	0.903	is known about	Nothing	his life
Nothing is known for certain about his life before about 1580 , but contemporary or near-contemporary accounts suggest that he was brought up as a member of the Church of Scotland , spent some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent , and was converted to Catholicism in Spain .	0.852	was brought up as	he	a member of the Church of Scotland
Nothing is known for certain about his life before about 1580 , but contemporary or near-contemporary accounts suggest that he was brought up as a member of the Church of Scotland , spent some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent , and was converted to Catholicism in Spain .	0.748	was converted to	contemporary or near-contemporary accounts	Catholicism
Nothing is known for certain about his life before about 1580 , but contemporary or near-contemporary accounts suggest that he was brought up as a member of the Church of Scotland , spent some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent , and was converted to Catholicism in Spain .	0.709	spent	contemporary or near-contemporary accounts	some time
Nothing is known for certain about his life before about 1580 , but contemporary or near-contemporary accounts suggest that he was brought up as a member of the Church of Scotland , spent some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent , and was converted to Catholicism in Spain .	0.691	spent in	contemporary or near-contemporary accounts	Argyll
Nothing is known for certain about his life before about 1580 , but contemporary or near-contemporary accounts suggest that he was brought up as a member of the Church of Scotland , spent some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent , and was converted to Catholicism in Spain .	0.665	was converted in	contemporary or near-contemporary accounts	Spain
They cover or more in southeastern Washington , eastern Oregon , and southwestern Idaho , and are known to be deep in some river gorges .	0.806	cover in	They	southeastern Washington
Peg continued in pictorial art beyond the 18th century , but the other figures associated with the original tableau dropped away .	0.837	continued in	Peg	pictorial art
Peg continued in pictorial art beyond the 18th century , but the other figures associated with the original tableau dropped away .	0.752	be associated with	the other figures	the original tableau
Peg continued in pictorial art beyond the 18th century , but the other figures associated with the original tableau dropped away .	0.731	continued beyond	Peg	the 18th century
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .	0.86	rose 0.025 point to	the 6 3\/4 % notes due	97.275
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .	0.844	was unchanged at	Germany 's 7 % bond due	99.35
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .	0.804	be rose to	0.025 point	97.275
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .	0.751	rose	the 6 3\/4 % notes due	0.025 point
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .	0.736	was	Germany 's 7 % bond due	unchanged
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .	0.583	rose 0.025 point to yield	the 6 3\/4 % notes due	7.445 %
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	0.729	produce	Models	figures
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	0.504	be taking into	the size and room number of the barrack blocks	account
The conflict was officially ended by the UNSC Resolution 1701 on 14 August 2006 , which ordered a ceasefire .	0.929	was officially ended by	The conflict	the UNSC Resolution 1701
The conflict was officially ended by the UNSC Resolution 1701 on 14 August 2006 , which ordered a ceasefire .	0.874	was officially ended on	The conflict	14 August 2006
An affiliation was formed between the two stations and STV-8 Mildura in the 1970s .	0.925	was formed between	An affiliation	the two stations and STV-8 Mildura
Now that the New York decision has been left intact , other states may follow suit .	0.601	has been left	the New York decision	intact , other states
Her image held aloft signifies the Earth , which `` hangs in the air '' .	0.771	hangs in	the Earth	the air
Her image held aloft signifies the Earth , which `` hangs in the air '' .	0.68	held aloft signifies	Her image	the Earth
Rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that RU-486 can cause birth defects , Lancet , the British medical journal , reported in 1987 .	0.871	reported in	Lancet	1987
Rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that RU-486 can cause birth defects , Lancet , the British medical journal , reported in 1987 .	0.701	can cause	RU-486	birth defects
Thus , according to Samaritan tradition , the region was named Samaria after them , not vice versa .	0.751	Thus was named	the region	Samaria
Thus , according to Samaritan tradition , the region was named Samaria after them , not vice versa .	0.737	Thus was named Samaria	the region	not vice versa
Thus , according to Samaritan tradition , the region was named Samaria after them , not vice versa .	0.48	be not vice versa after	the region	them
`` American Guru : A Story of Love , Betrayal and Healing '' , by William Yenner and other former Cohen student contributors , allege authoritarianism , financial manipulation , physical and psychological abuse in Cohen 's community , and discusses the challenges of healing after leaving the community .	0.47	be physical and psychological abuse in	William Yenner and other former Cohen student contributors	Cohen 's community
This entire area has been identified in Maoist literature as the Compact Revolutionary Zone .	0.852	has been identified in	This entire area	Maoist literature
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .	0.661	went through	it	the first half
Web-footed geckos , in the genus palmatogecko are two species of Gecko that live in the Namib Desert .	0.808	live in	two species of Gecko	the Namib Desert
Web-footed geckos , in the genus palmatogecko are two species of Gecko that live in the Namib Desert .	0.553	are in	two species of Gecko	the genus palmatogecko
The facades were covered with fresh multicolor paintwork , greatly enhancing the external appearance of the buildings .	0.9	were covered with	The facades	fresh multicolor paintwork
Accordingly , the 1962 Roman Missal , the edition whose continued use as an extraordinary form of the Roman Rite is authorized by the motu proprio `` Summorum Pontificum '' , also has no mention of her .	0.888	is authorized by	whose continued use	the motu proprio
Accordingly , the 1962 Roman Missal , the edition whose continued use as an extraordinary form of the Roman Rite is authorized by the motu proprio `` Summorum Pontificum '' , also has no mention of her .	0.548	is authorized in	whose continued use	the edition
Accordingly , the 1962 Roman Missal , the edition whose continued use as an extraordinary form of the Roman Rite is authorized by the motu proprio `` Summorum Pontificum '' , also has no mention of her .	0.506	Accordingly also has	the 1962 Roman Missal	no mention of her
Accordingly , the 1962 Roman Missal , the edition whose continued use as an extraordinary form of the Roman Rite is authorized by the motu proprio `` Summorum Pontificum '' , also has no mention of her .	0.341	be form of	extraordinary	the Roman Rite
In `` Predator '' , Scarpetta becomes the head of the National Forensic Academy in Hollywood , Florida , a private institution founded by her wealthy niece Lucy .	0.941	becomes the head of	Scarpetta	the National Forensic Academy
In `` Predator '' , Scarpetta becomes the head of the National Forensic Academy in Hollywood , Florida , a private institution founded by her wealthy niece Lucy .	0.843	becomes	Scarpetta	the head of the National Forensic Academy
In `` Predator '' , Scarpetta becomes the head of the National Forensic Academy in Hollywood , Florida , a private institution founded by her wealthy niece Lucy .	0.793	becomes the head of the National Forensic Academy in	Scarpetta	Predator
In `` Predator '' , Scarpetta becomes the head of the National Forensic Academy in Hollywood , Florida , a private institution founded by her wealthy niece Lucy .	0.652	becomes the head to	Scarpetta	the National Forensic Academy
In `` Predator '' , Scarpetta becomes the head of the National Forensic Academy in Hollywood , Florida , a private institution founded by her wealthy niece Lucy .	0.625	be founded by	a private institution	her wealthy niece
In `` Predator '' , Scarpetta becomes the head of the National Forensic Academy in Hollywood , Florida , a private institution founded by her wealthy niece Lucy .	0.562	becomes the head of	the National Forensic Academy	a private institution founded by her wealthy niece Lucy
In `` Predator '' , Scarpetta becomes the head of the National Forensic Academy in Hollywood , Florida , a private institution founded by her wealthy niece Lucy .	0.454	becomes the head in	the National Forensic Academy	a private institution founded by her wealthy niece Lucy
In `` Predator '' , Scarpetta becomes the head of the National Forensic Academy in Hollywood , Florida , a private institution founded by her wealthy niece Lucy .	0.43	becomes the head of	the National Forensic Academy	Florida
In `` Predator '' , Scarpetta becomes the head of the National Forensic Academy in Hollywood , Florida , a private institution founded by her wealthy niece Lucy .	0.405	be the National Forensic Academy in	a private institution founded by her wealthy niece Lucy	Hollywood
In `` Predator '' , Scarpetta becomes the head of the National Forensic Academy in Hollywood , Florida , a private institution founded by her wealthy niece Lucy .	0.329	becomes the head in	the National Forensic Academy	Florida
In `` Predator '' , Scarpetta becomes the head of the National Forensic Academy in Hollywood , Florida , a private institution founded by her wealthy niece Lucy .	0.292	be the National Forensic Academy in	Florida	Hollywood
In `` Predator '' , Scarpetta becomes the head of the National Forensic Academy in Hollywood , Florida , a private institution founded by her wealthy niece Lucy .	0.182	becomes the head by	the National Forensic Academy	Scarpetta
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .	0.8	triggered	Pacific	speculation
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .	0.759	were especially strong as	Paper and forest	the offer
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .	0.639	were especially	Paper and forest	strong
It has long hind legs and a long , slender , scaly tail that it uses to communicate by making drumming noises .	0.718	has long hind	It	legs and a long , slender , scaly tail that it uses to communicate by making drumming noises
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .	0.811	continued because of	Newsprint results	industrywide price discounting
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .	0.88	is emblematic of	The missing watch	the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .	0.771	be building into	his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service	the largest detective and security agency
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .	0.736	is	The missing watch	emblematic of the problems
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .	0.592	be building through	his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service	acquisitions
The same period saw the first outbreaks of sectarian riots , which have recurred regularly since .	0.794	saw	The same period	the first outbreaks of sectarian riots
In major market activity : Stock prices rose in light trading .	0.894	rose in	Stock prices	light trading
In major market activity : Stock prices rose in light trading .	0.757	rose in	Stock prices	major market activity
In 1974 Herbert and Harald 's widow , Inge , sold their stake in Daimler-Benz to the Government of Kuwait .	0.896	be sold to	their stake	the Government of Kuwait
In 1974 Herbert and Harald 's widow , Inge , sold their stake in Daimler-Benz to the Government of Kuwait .	0.376	be widow of	Inge	Harald
Iaquinta played 40 matches for the Italy national football team between 2005 and 2010 , scoring six goals .	0.936	played 40 matches for	Iaquinta	the Italy national football team
Iaquinta played 40 matches for the Italy national football team between 2005 and 2010 , scoring six goals .	0.877	played	Iaquinta	40 matches
Iaquinta played 40 matches for the Italy national football team between 2005 and 2010 , scoring six goals .	0.838	be played for	40 matches	the Italy national football team
Iaquinta played 40 matches for the Italy national football team between 2005 and 2010 , scoring six goals .	0.496	played 40 matches scoring	Iaquinta	six goals
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged .	0.859	outnumbered advancers	Declining issues	551
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged .	0.794	were	224 issues	unchanged
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .	0.826	opened a line from Alcand Street to	The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust	Hawthorn Road
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .	0.816	opened a line from Alcand Street	The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust	St Kilda
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .	0.768	opened a line from Alcand Street on	The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust	12 April 1913
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .	0.767	opened St Kilda to	The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust	Hawthorn Road
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .	0.738	be opened a line from Alcand Street to	St Kilda	Hawthorn Road
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .	0.722	opened St Kilda	The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust	a line
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .	0.695	opened St Kilda on	The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust	12 April 1913
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .	0.661	be opened a line from Alcand Street on	St Kilda	12 April 1913
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .	0.624	be opened St Kilda to	a line	Hawthorn Road
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .	0.551	be opened St Kilda on	a line	12 April 1913
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .	0.431	opened a line from Alcand Street in	The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust	12 April 1913
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .	0.343	opened St Kilda in	The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust	12 April 1913
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .	0.674	be thereby giving to	great help and comfort	the enemy propagandists
At the start of a meeting , after an invocation and the Pledge of Allegiance , all items that do not have `` holds '' placed on them by a Supervisor or a member of the public , or are mandatory public hearings , are approved on a consent calendar .	0.952	are approved on	all items that do not have `` holds '' placed on them by a Supervisor or a member of the public , or are mandatory public hearings	a consent calendar
At the start of a meeting , after an invocation and the Pledge of Allegiance , all items that do not have `` holds '' placed on them by a Supervisor or a member of the public , or are mandatory public hearings , are approved on a consent calendar .	0.882	are approved after	all items that do not have `` holds '' placed on them by a Supervisor or a member of the public , or are mandatory public hearings	an invocation and the Pledge of Allegiance
At the start of a meeting , after an invocation and the Pledge of Allegiance , all items that do not have `` holds '' placed on them by a Supervisor or a member of the public , or are mandatory public hearings , are approved on a consent calendar .	0.801	are approved at	all items that do not have `` holds '' placed on them by a Supervisor or a member of the public , or are mandatory public hearings	the start of a meeting
At the start of a meeting , after an invocation and the Pledge of Allegiance , all items that do not have `` holds '' placed on them by a Supervisor or a member of the public , or are mandatory public hearings , are approved on a consent calendar .	0.704	be placed by	holds	a Supervisor or a member of the public
At the start of a meeting , after an invocation and the Pledge of Allegiance , all items that do not have `` holds '' placed on them by a Supervisor or a member of the public , or are mandatory public hearings , are approved on a consent calendar .	0.64	be placed on	holds	them
An animal that cares for its young but shows no other sociality traits is said to be `` subsocial '' .	0.79	is said	An animal that cares for its young but shows no other sociality traits	subsocial
An animal that cares for its young but shows no other sociality traits is said to be `` subsocial '' .	0.732	cares for	An animal	its young
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	0.854	will strain for	reporters and editors	creative angles
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	0.841	has always been fascinated by	the public	gossip and voyeurism
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	0.747	will strain to justify	reporters and editors	the inclusion of collateral facts
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .	0.731	be faking up	other paintings	down the Eastern seaboard
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .	0.636	admitted after	the forger	his arrest
Municipal bonds were little changed to 1\/2 point higher in late dealings .	0.898	were little changed in	Municipal bonds	late dealings
The marriage led to an intimate friendship with Cromwell .	0.913	led to	The marriage	an intimate friendship
Machines dedicated solely to word processing , which have all but disappeared in the U.S. , are still more common in Japan than PCs .	0.771	are still common in	Machines dedicated solely to word processing which have all but disappeared in the U.S.	Japan
Machines dedicated solely to word processing , which have all but disappeared in the U.S. , are still more common in Japan than PCs .	0.756	are still common than	Machines dedicated solely to word processing which have all but disappeared in the U.S.	PCs
Machines dedicated solely to word processing , which have all but disappeared in the U.S. , are still more common in Japan than PCs .	0.71	have disappeared in	Machines dedicated solely to word processing	the U.S.
There were 401 households of which 37.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 34.7 % were married couples living together , 19.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , 7.5 % had a male householder with no wife present , and 38.7 % were non-families .	0.832	had	couples living together	a female householder 7.5 % had a male householder with no wife present , and 38.7 % were non-families
There were 401 households of which 37.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 34.7 % were married couples living together , 19.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , 7.5 % had a male householder with no wife present , and 38.7 % were non-families .	0.793	had	37.9 %	children
There were 401 households of which 37.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 34.7 % were married couples living together , 19.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , 7.5 % had a male householder with no wife present , and 38.7 % were non-families .	0.793	had	7.5 %	a male householder
There were 401 households of which 37.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 34.7 % were married couples living together , 19.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , 7.5 % had a male householder with no wife present , and 38.7 % were non-families .	0.687	were	no wife	present , and 38.7 % were non-families
It was originally aimed at mature entrants to the teaching profession , who could not afford to give up work and undertake a traditional method of teacher training such as the PGCE .	0.894	was originally aimed at	It	mature entrants who could not afford to give up work and undertake a traditional method of teacher training such as the PGCE
The Anti-Monitor began to siphon the positive matter of New York City to create his Antimatter waves .	0.87	began to siphon	The Anti-Monitor	the positive matter of New York City
The Anti-Monitor began to siphon the positive matter of New York City to create his Antimatter waves .	0.831	to siphon	The Anti-Monitor	the positive matter of New York City
When the quarterback has the ball the Playmaker Tool can be used to make receivers alter their routes mid-play .	0.711	has	the quarterback	the ball the Playmaker Tool can be used to make receivers alter their routes mid-play
When the quarterback has the ball the Playmaker Tool can be used to make receivers alter their routes mid-play .	0.647	alter	receivers	their routes mid-play
When the quarterback has the ball the Playmaker Tool can be used to make receivers alter their routes mid-play .	0.549	can be used in	the Playmaker Tool	the ball
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .	0.854	will have to apply to	the pilots	the court
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .	0.806	will have to apply for	the pilots	payment of their claim
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .	0.591	will have like	the pilots	any other creditor
Boshoff claimed a symbolism of the murder for farm murders that he described as `` nothing other than a state of war '' .	0.857	claimed	Boshoff	a symbolism of the murder that he described as `` nothing other than a state of war ''
Boshoff claimed a symbolism of the murder for farm murders that he described as `` nothing other than a state of war '' .	0.672	that described as	he	nothing other
He accused Dow Jones of `` using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price . ''	0.745	accused	He	Dow Jones
He accused Dow Jones of `` using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price . ''	0.658	to be obtain at	the stock	an unfair price
This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios .	0.802	met	This provision	early and strong resistance
This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios .	0.736	be worried about	investment bankers	disruptions
The two contestants who survive to round three compete against each other by answering questions valued at $ 300 in season 1 and $ 250 in season 2 .	0.842	compete against	three	each other
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of , all of it land .	0.654	has to	the town	the United States Census Bureau
In 2002 TV2 used `` In The Neighbourhood '' for its station promotions .	0.633	be used for	2002 TV2	its station promotions
At no cost to the parents , these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law ; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress .	0.925	are provided in	these services	compliance
At no cost to the parents , these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law ; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress .	0.818	are provided at	these services	no cost
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to `` Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner .	0.89	produced for	they	Warner
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to `` Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner .	0.653	also almost certainly would be	Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters	n't be able
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to `` Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner .	0.504	hit	the blockbuster	they
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .	0.841	Just a week ago staunchly defended index arbitrage at	Mr. Carpenter	Kidder
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .	0.807	Just a week ago staunchly defended index arbitrage	Mr. Carpenter	arbitrage trading firm
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .	0.722	Just a week ago staunchly defended arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year at	Mr. Carpenter	Kidder
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .	0.673	Just a week ago staunchly defended arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year	Mr. Carpenter	index arbitrage
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .	0.543	be Just a week ago staunchly defended arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year at	index arbitrage	Kidder
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .	0.542	be Just a week ago staunchly defended index arbitrage at	arbitrage trading firm	Kidder
Realizing that they need Michael , the family asks him to come back and run the company , which Michael scoffs at until he sees how much the family means to his teenaged son George Michael .	0.759	asks him to run	Michael	the company which Michael scoffs at
Realizing that they need Michael , the family asks him to come back and run the company , which Michael scoffs at until he sees how much the family means to his teenaged son George Michael .	0.713	asks	Michael	him
Realizing that they need Michael , the family asks him to come back and run the company , which Michael scoffs at until he sees how much the family means to his teenaged son George Michael .	0.675	sees how much the family means to	he	his teenaged son George Michael
The Salvation Army does not have bishops but have appointed leaders of geographical areas known as Divisional Commanders .	0.729	does not have	The Salvation Army	bishops
The Salvation Army does not have bishops but have appointed leaders of geographical areas known as Divisional Commanders .	0.673	be known as	geographical areas	Divisional Commanders
On 19 October 2010 , Tuqiri was officially named in the Australian squad for the Four Nations as a replacement for the injured Jarryd Hayne .	0.932	was officially named in	Tuqiri	the Australian squad
On 19 October 2010 , Tuqiri was officially named in the Australian squad for the Four Nations as a replacement for the injured Jarryd Hayne .	0.914	was officially named for	Tuqiri	the Four Nations
On 19 October 2010 , Tuqiri was officially named in the Australian squad for the Four Nations as a replacement for the injured Jarryd Hayne .	0.771	was officially named on	Tuqiri	19 October 2010
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .	0.727	raises	it	prices
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .	0.678	promotes	it	technology monopolies
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .	0.678	stifles	it	innovation
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .	0.436	be chief executive of	David Jones	Humana
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .	0.797	also reflects	The move	Coke 's eagerness
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .	0.762	would create	Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa	products company
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .	0.759	succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as	Robert C. Snyder	president
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .	0.676	be a director of	Robert C. Snyder	the company
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .	0.673	succeeds	Robert C. Snyder	Mr. Pfeiffer
They usually go through a period of dormancy after flowering .	0.917	usually go through	They	a period of dormancy
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .	0.904	sagged of	Its U.S. sales	price increases
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said .	0.863	acted as	the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint	a price depressant
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said .	0.861	be paid on	the premiums	a purchase of copper
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said .	0.817	be paid by	the premiums	the U.S. government
Many critics have objected to the subjective , Romantic nature of the title `` Moonlight '' , which has at times been called `` a misleading approach to a movement with almost the character of a funeral march '' and `` absurd '' .	0.836	have objected to	Many critics	the subjective , Romantic nature of the title `` Moonlight
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .	0.822	was elected	William P. Kuehn	chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .	0.648	be chairman of	William P. Kuehn	this troubled electronics parts maker
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .	0.843	held with	Chairman John J. Phelan Jr.	senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .	0.808	held	Chairman John J. Phelan Jr.	an emergency meeting
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .	0.865	will build	Texas Eastern Transmission	the system which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .	0.695	will be connect with	the Arkoma Basin	several interstate pipelines
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .	0.601	said in	he	such an arrangement
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .	0.328	said to	such an arrangement	he
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .	0.302	said	he	such an arrangement
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .	0.793	opened has in	The first library	1909
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .	0.677	has evolved to	The first library	a five location library system
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	0.807	also asks	The Lone Star Steel lawsuit	the court
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	0.725	ca n't recover the amount from	the parent company	its subsidiary
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	0.718	is jointly responsible for	Lone Star Technologies	a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	0.712	ca n't recover	the parent company	the amount
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	0.707	is jointly	Lone Star Technologies	responsible
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	0.67	ca be n't recover from	the amount	its subsidiary
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	0.156	makes	the parent company	the payment
In 1991 he started writing and touring full-time which he still does today .	0.601	started in	he	1991
In 1991 he started writing and touring full-time which he still does today .	0.601	which still does in	he	today
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi - tech powerhouses is only half right .	0.747	is only half	Japanese corporations ' reputation	right
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi - tech powerhouses is only half right .	0.74	be considered in	office computers	the U.S. and Western Europe
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi - tech powerhouses is only half right .	0.702	have lacked	the companies	office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi - tech powerhouses is only half right .	0.148	be Japanese corporations ' reputation as	right	hi - tech powerhouses
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .	0.9	fell 109.85 points to	The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues	35417.44
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .	0.802	fell	The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues	109.85 points
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .	0.779	be fell to	109.85 points	35417.44
In colonial times all grants of land from the Lords Baltimore were in the shape of leases subject to small and nominal ground rents , reserved by the Proprietary , and payable annually at Michaelmas , the Feast of St. Michael and All Angels .	0.945	were in	all grants of land	the shape of leases subject
In colonial times all grants of land from the Lords Baltimore were in the shape of leases subject to small and nominal ground rents , reserved by the Proprietary , and payable annually at Michaelmas , the Feast of St. Michael and All Angels .	0.798	were in	all grants of land	colonial times
In colonial times all grants of land from the Lords Baltimore were in the shape of leases subject to small and nominal ground rents , reserved by the Proprietary , and payable annually at Michaelmas , the Feast of St. Michael and All Angels .	0.688	reserved by	all grants of land	the Proprietary
In colonial times all grants of land from the Lords Baltimore were in the shape of leases subject to small and nominal ground rents , reserved by the Proprietary , and payable annually at Michaelmas , the Feast of St. Michael and All Angels .	0.533	be payable annually at	all grants of land	Michaelmas , the Feast of St . Michael and All Angels
In colonial times all grants of land from the Lords Baltimore were in the shape of leases subject to small and nominal ground rents , reserved by the Proprietary , and payable annually at Michaelmas , the Feast of St. Michael and All Angels .	0.378	be all grants of	payable	land
Binding of Hoechst dyes is even stronger to BrdU-substituted DNA ; however , no fluorescence ensues .	0.781	is even stronger to	Binding of Hoechst dyes	BrdU-substituted DNA
Ciel , a human who lives with the Reploids , explains that Neo Arcadia has begun destroying all Reploids due to a shortage on energy .	0.776	lives with	a human	the Reploids
Ciel , a human who lives with the Reploids , explains that Neo Arcadia has begun destroying all Reploids due to a shortage on energy .	0.562	has begun destroying	Neo Arcadia	all Reploids
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''	0.808	wrote back was immediately lowering the rate as	The bank	a concession
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''	0.741	wrote back was immediately lowering the rate by	The bank	3.5 %
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''	0.711	wrote back was immediately lowering the rate as	he	a concession
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''	0.678	was immediately lowering as	the rate	a concession
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''	0.674	wrote back was immediately lowering	The bank	the rate
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''	0.626	wrote back was immediately lowering the rate by	he	3.5 %
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''	0.589	was immediately lowering by	the rate	3.5 %
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''	0.547	wrote back was immediately lowering	he	the rate
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .	0.892	nevertheless rose from	The British pound pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials	Friday 's $ 1.5795
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .	0.85	be pressured by	The British pound	last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .	0.826	nevertheless rose in	The British pound pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials	Monday
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .	0.833	shows clearly	The dispute	the global power of Japan 's financial titans
It is very important when setting up a colony of `` T. moorii '' to introduce them to the tank all at once .	0.611	is very	It	important
It is very important when setting up a colony of `` T. moorii '' to introduce them to the tank all at once .	0.545	to introduce all to be	them	the tank
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . ''	0.765	Years ago collaborated with	he	the new music gurus
KOMO has a number of broadcast `` firsts . ''	0.799	has of	KOMO	broadcast `` firsts
KOMO has a number of broadcast `` firsts . ''	0.775	has	KOMO	a number of broadcast `` firsts
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .	0.744	Thus narrows	higher bidding	the investor 's return
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .	0.599	widens	lower bidding	it
At first , she seems happy with this arrangement .	0.743	seems happy with	she	this arrangement
At first , she seems happy with this arrangement .	0.685	seems	she	happy
At first , she seems happy with this arrangement .	0.449	seems happy at	she	first
UCD finished the 2006 championship as Dublin champions , by beating St Vincents in the final .	0.716	finished	UCD	the 2006 championship
UCD finished the 2006 championship as Dublin champions , by beating St Vincents in the final .	0.695	be beating in	St Vincents	the final
Mitsubishi Estate has n't decided how it will raise the funds for the purchase , which are due in cash next April , but the Marunouchi holdings alone are estimated to have a market value of as much as 10 trillion yen to 11 trillion yen .	0.711	will raise	it	the funds
Mitsubishi Estate has n't decided how it will raise the funds for the purchase , which are due in cash next April , but the Marunouchi holdings alone are estimated to have a market value of as much as 10 trillion yen to 11 trillion yen .	0.708	to have to be	a market value of as much as 10 trillion yen	11 trillion yen
When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible , the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation .	0.837	seeks	the District	parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation
When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible , the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation .	0.599	may be	the student	eligible
From 1953 till 1957 Speranskaya worked as chief artist in Kazan Dolls Theatre , since 1957 she worked as stage-artist director in Kazan theatres , also she was invited to other cities of Russian Federation .	0.902	was invited to	she	other cities of Russian Federation
From 1953 till 1957 Speranskaya worked as chief artist in Kazan Dolls Theatre , since 1957 she worked as stage-artist director in Kazan theatres , also she was invited to other cities of Russian Federation .	0.767	worked also as	she	stage-artist director
From 1953 till 1957 Speranskaya worked as chief artist in Kazan Dolls Theatre , since 1957 she worked as stage-artist director in Kazan theatres , also she was invited to other cities of Russian Federation .	0.272	be cities of	other	Russian Federation
He led the Right Corps at the Battle of Nivelle on 10 November 1813 .	0.9	led the Right Corps at	He	the Battle of Nivelle
He led the Right Corps at the Battle of Nivelle on 10 November 1813 .	0.843	be led at	the Right Corps	the Battle of Nivelle
He led the Right Corps at the Battle of Nivelle on 10 November 1813 .	0.813	led the Right Corps on	He	10 November 1813
He led the Right Corps at the Battle of Nivelle on 10 November 1813 .	0.768	be led on	the Right Corps	10 November 1813
He led the Right Corps at the Battle of Nivelle on 10 November 1813 .	0.716	led	He	the Right Corps
Barbara resumed her relationship with Dick but was hesitant to confess to him that she had dated Bruce .	0.812	resumed	Barbara	her relationship
Barbara resumed her relationship with Dick but was hesitant to confess to him that she had dated Bruce .	0.528	had dated	she	Bruce
In 2010 , popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia delivered a scathing video critique of the film , drawing negative comparisons to The Three Stooges , Looney Tunes , and `` Home Alone '' .	0.865	delivered	RedLetterMedia	a scathing video critique of the film
In 2010 , popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia delivered a scathing video critique of the film , drawing negative comparisons to The Three Stooges , Looney Tunes , and `` Home Alone '' .	0.729	drawing negative comparisons to	popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia delivered a scathing video critique of the film	The Three Stooges
In 2010 , popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia delivered a scathing video critique of the film , drawing negative comparisons to The Three Stooges , Looney Tunes , and `` Home Alone '' .	0.675	be drawing to	negative comparisons	The Three Stooges
Several events take place in Baldock throughout the year .	0.83	take place in	Several events	Baldock
Several events take place in Baldock throughout the year .	0.793	take	Several events	place
Several events take place in Baldock throughout the year .	0.791	take place throughout	Several events	the year
Ed arrives back and finds Alan alone trying to hide the fact that his arm is covered in the gelatinous substance they found on the wall earlier .	0.903	found on	they	the wall
Ed arrives back and finds Alan alone trying to hide the fact that his arm is covered in the gelatinous substance they found on the wall earlier .	0.88	is covered in	his arm	the gelatinous substance
Ed arrives back and finds Alan alone trying to hide the fact that his arm is covered in the gelatinous substance they found on the wall earlier .	0.771	found on	the fact	the wall
Historically , the division has been a rural seat and fairly safe for the National Party , which held it for all but six years from 1922 to 2004 .	0.757	held it for	the National Party	all but six years
Historically , the division has been a rural seat and fairly safe for the National Party , which held it for all but six years from 1922 to 2004 .	0.718	be held for	it	all but six years
Historically , the division has been a rural seat and fairly safe for the National Party , which held it for all but six years from 1922 to 2004 .	0.718	be held from	it	1922
Historically , the division has been a rural seat and fairly safe for the National Party , which held it for all but six years from 1922 to 2004 .	0.707	held it from	the National Party	1922
Historically , the division has been a rural seat and fairly safe for the National Party , which held it for all but six years from 1922 to 2004 .	0.651	has fairly safe for	the division	the National Party
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''	0.698	is still	It	common
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''	0.57	has	the church	10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .	0.832	will rise about 5 % from	membership revenues	last year 's $ 5 billion
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .	0.817	will rise	membership revenues	about 5 %
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .	0.743	will be rise from	about 5 %	last year 's $ 5 billion
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .	0.352	be the Association of	a health	Quality Clubs
Next morning , the race left the city on the way to the Pyrenees and stopped in the suburb of Gradignan , in the university area of La House .	0.908	left the city on	the race	the way
Next morning , the race left the city on the way to the Pyrenees and stopped in the suburb of Gradignan , in the university area of La House .	0.815	stopped in	the race	the suburb of Gradignan
Next morning , the race left the city on the way to the Pyrenees and stopped in the suburb of Gradignan , in the university area of La House .	0.812	left the city in	the race	the university area of La House
Next morning , the race left the city on the way to the Pyrenees and stopped in the suburb of Gradignan , in the university area of La House .	0.804	be left on	the city	the way
Next morning , the race left the city on the way to the Pyrenees and stopped in the suburb of Gradignan , in the university area of La House .	0.793	left	the race	the city
Next morning , the race left the city on the way to the Pyrenees and stopped in the suburb of Gradignan , in the university area of La House .	0.699	be left in	the city	the university area of La House
Next morning , the race left the city on the way to the Pyrenees and stopped in the suburb of Gradignan , in the university area of La House .	0.554	left the city	the race	the university area of La House
Afterward he has joined Emma Frost 's Academy of Tomorrow , a school for gifted beings .	0.642	be a school for	Emma Frost 's Academy of Tomorrow	gifted beings
Afterward he has joined Emma Frost 's Academy of Tomorrow , a school for gifted beings .	0.628	Afterward has joined	he	Emma Frost 's Academy of Tomorrow
Afterward he has joined Emma Frost 's Academy of Tomorrow , a school for gifted beings .	0.301	be Emma Frost 's Academy of	a school	Tomorrow
Afterward he has joined Emma Frost 's Academy of Tomorrow , a school for gifted beings .	0.287	be Academy of Tomorrow of	a school	Emma Frost
Fayette County was one of the original three counties created from the former Kentucky County , Virginia by the Virginia Act in 1780 , along with Jefferson and Lincoln counties , and which together separated from Virginia in 1792 to become the state of Kentucky .	0.756	was	Fayette County	one of the original three counties
Fayette County was one of the original three counties created from the former Kentucky County , Virginia by the Virginia Act in 1780 , along with Jefferson and Lincoln counties , and which together separated from Virginia in 1792 to become the state of Kentucky .	0.745	together separated from	Fayette County	Virginia
Fayette County was one of the original three counties created from the former Kentucky County , Virginia by the Virginia Act in 1780 , along with Jefferson and Lincoln counties , and which together separated from Virginia in 1792 to become the state of Kentucky .	0.724	be created by	the original three counties	the Virginia Act
Fayette County was one of the original three counties created from the former Kentucky County , Virginia by the Virginia Act in 1780 , along with Jefferson and Lincoln counties , and which together separated from Virginia in 1792 to become the state of Kentucky .	0.712	together separated in	Fayette County	1792
Fayette County was one of the original three counties created from the former Kentucky County , Virginia by the Virginia Act in 1780 , along with Jefferson and Lincoln counties , and which together separated from Virginia in 1792 to become the state of Kentucky .	0.64	be created from	the original three counties	the former Kentucky County
Fayette County was one of the original three counties created from the former Kentucky County , Virginia by the Virginia Act in 1780 , along with Jefferson and Lincoln counties , and which together separated from Virginia in 1792 to become the state of Kentucky .	0.488	be created in	the original three counties	1780
Because of his talents and training , Beast can outperform any Olympic-level athlete , contorting his body and performing aerial feats gracefully .	0.79	can outperform	Beast	any Olympic-level athlete
Because of his talents and training , Beast can outperform any Olympic-level athlete , contorting his body and performing aerial feats gracefully .	0.653	can outperform any Olympic-level athlete of	Beast	his talents and training
Because of his talents and training , Beast can outperform any Olympic-level athlete , contorting his body and performing aerial feats gracefully .	0.544	can outperform any Olympic-level athlete performing gracefully	Beast	aerial feats
Because of his talents and training , Beast can outperform any Olympic-level athlete , contorting his body and performing aerial feats gracefully .	0.5	can be outperform of	any Olympic-level athlete	his talents and training
Because of his talents and training , Beast can outperform any Olympic-level athlete , contorting his body and performing aerial feats gracefully .	0.478	can outperform any Olympic-level athlete contorting	Beast	his body
This was replaced by a Town Hall in 1752 , built by Isaac Ware , which was demolished in 1893 to make way for the current building .	0.754	to be make for	way	the current building
Last year , the Supreme Court defined when companies , such as military contractors , may defend themselves against lawsuits for deaths or injuries by asserting that they were simply following specifications of a federal government contract .	0.854	may defend themselves against	companies	lawsuits
Last year , the Supreme Court defined when companies , such as military contractors , may defend themselves against lawsuits for deaths or injuries by asserting that they were simply following specifications of a federal government contract .	0.797	may be defend against	themselves	lawsuits
Last year , the Supreme Court defined when companies , such as military contractors , may defend themselves against lawsuits for deaths or injuries by asserting that they were simply following specifications of a federal government contract .	0.74	may defend	companies	themselves
Last year , the Supreme Court defined when companies , such as military contractors , may defend themselves against lawsuits for deaths or injuries by asserting that they were simply following specifications of a federal government contract .	0.687	were simply following	they	specifications of a federal government contract
Last year , the Supreme Court defined when companies , such as military contractors , may defend themselves against lawsuits for deaths or injuries by asserting that they were simply following specifications of a federal government contract .	0.641	defined in	the Supreme Court	Last year
Meanwhile , at home , Mitsubishi has control of some major projects .	0.803	Meanwhile has	Mitsubishi	control of some major projects
Meanwhile , at home , Mitsubishi has control of some major projects .	0.649	Meanwhile has control of some major projects at	Mitsubishi	home
Dilevski started his career as a junior for Victorian lower league team Sydenham Park where he was coached by Tony Ivanov and eventually played in their seniors at a very young age .	0.92	started his career as	Dilevski	a junior
Dilevski started his career as a junior for Victorian lower league team Sydenham Park where he was coached by Tony Ivanov and eventually played in their seniors at a very young age .	0.851	be started as	his career	a junior
Dilevski started his career as a junior for Victorian lower league team Sydenham Park where he was coached by Tony Ivanov and eventually played in their seniors at a very young age .	0.828	was coached by	he	Tony Ivanov
Dilevski started his career as a junior for Victorian lower league team Sydenham Park where he was coached by Tony Ivanov and eventually played in their seniors at a very young age .	0.812	started	Dilevski	his career
Dilevski started his career as a junior for Victorian lower league team Sydenham Park where he was coached by Tony Ivanov and eventually played in their seniors at a very young age .	0.704	eventually played in	Victorian lower league team Sydenham Park	their seniors
Dilevski started his career as a junior for Victorian lower league team Sydenham Park where he was coached by Tony Ivanov and eventually played in their seniors at a very young age .	0.675	eventually played at	Victorian lower league team Sydenham Park	a very young age
Dilevski started his career as a junior for Victorian lower league team Sydenham Park where he was coached by Tony Ivanov and eventually played in their seniors at a very young age .	0.446	was coached in	he	Victorian lower league team Sydenham Park
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .	0.868	to engage in	others	a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now
In line this with , Edwards 's early years , as seen in Comico 's graphic novel , were re-imagined in the comic book mini-series , `` Robotech : From the Stars '' , published WildStorm .	0.909	were re-imagined in	Edwards 's early years	the comic book mini-series
Leading up to the service , Callaghan 's son said , `` My father believed a burial at sea for the pilot was the right thing to do .	0.799	was	a burial	the right thing to do
Leading up to the service , Callaghan 's son said , `` My father believed a burial at sea for the pilot was the right thing to do .	0.486	be a burial at	the right thing to do	sea
Leading up to the service , Callaghan 's son said , `` My father believed a burial at sea for the pilot was the right thing to do .	0.392	be a burial for	the right thing to do	the pilot
However , there was no plausible reason why the double agents could not supply accurate data ; the impacts would be common knowledge amongst Londoners and very likely reported in the press , which the Germans had ready access to through the neutral nations .	0.902	would be common knowledge amongst	the impacts	Londoners and very likely reported in the press ,
However , there was no plausible reason why the double agents could not supply accurate data ; the impacts would be common knowledge amongst Londoners and very likely reported in the press , which the Germans had ready access to through the neutral nations .	0.742	be reported in	Londoners and very likely	the press which the Germans had ready access to through the neutral nations
However , there was no plausible reason why the double agents could not supply accurate data ; the impacts would be common knowledge amongst Londoners and very likely reported in the press , which the Germans had ready access to through the neutral nations .	0.724	would be	the impacts	common knowledge
However , there was no plausible reason why the double agents could not supply accurate data ; the impacts would be common knowledge amongst Londoners and very likely reported in the press , which the Germans had ready access to through the neutral nations .	0.668	could not supply	the double agents	accurate data
However , there was no plausible reason why the double agents could not supply accurate data ; the impacts would be common knowledge amongst Londoners and very likely reported in the press , which the Germans had ready access to through the neutral nations .	0.646	which had	the Germans	ready access
But fully 90 % of those polled felt they did n't need to belong to a health club .	0.875	did n't need to belong to	they	a health club
But fully 90 % of those polled felt they did n't need to belong to a health club .	0.709	felt of	fully 90 % of those	they
In particular , Cyprinidae of southwestern North America have been severely affected ; a considerable number went entirely extinct after settlement by Europeans .	0.908	went entirely extinct after	a considerable number	settlement
In particular , Cyprinidae of southwestern North America have been severely affected ; a considerable number went entirely extinct after settlement by Europeans .	0.556	have been severely affected in	Cyprinidae of southwestern North America	particular
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .	0.772	are climbing at	Labor costs	a far more rapid pace
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .	0.725	are climbing in	Labor costs	the health care industry
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	0.755	is iconic for	New York City	Americans
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	0.739	live in	many ethnic groups	specific neighborhoods
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	0.688	is	New York City	iconic
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	0.215	be specific neighborhoods as	Chinatown	Little Italy
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	0.195	be neighborhoods as	specific	Chinatown
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money - fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century .	0.911	recognized the money - fund concept as	your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item	one of the significant events of the past century
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money - fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century .	0.831	be recognized as	the money	one of the significant events of the past century
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money - fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century .	0.741	recognized	your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item	the money
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money - fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century .	0.649	was	I	pleased
Before what was certainly to be the game 's final play , Beuerlein went to the sidelines during the timeout to get the call from head coach Seifert .	0.883	went to	the game 's final play	the sidelines
Before what was certainly to be the game 's final play , Beuerlein went to the sidelines during the timeout to get the call from head coach Seifert .	0.854	went during	the game 's final play	the timeout
Before what was certainly to be the game 's final play , Beuerlein went to the sidelines during the timeout to get the call from head coach Seifert .	0.765	went to get the call from	the game 's final play	head coach Seifert
Before what was certainly to be the game 's final play , Beuerlein went to the sidelines during the timeout to get the call from head coach Seifert .	0.765	to get the call from	the game 's final play	head coach Seifert
Before what was certainly to be the game 's final play , Beuerlein went to the sidelines during the timeout to get the call from head coach Seifert .	0.73	to get	the game 's final play	the call
Before what was certainly to be the game 's final play , Beuerlein went to the sidelines during the timeout to get the call from head coach Seifert .	0.695	to be get from	the call	head coach Seifert
Before what was certainly to be the game 's final play , Beuerlein went to the sidelines during the timeout to get the call from head coach Seifert .	0.665	went to get	the game 's final play	the call
Before what was certainly to be the game 's final play , Beuerlein went to the sidelines during the timeout to get the call from head coach Seifert .	0.493	to be final play of	Beuerlein	the game
When the meatus is not covered by the foreskin , it can rub against urine soaked diapers resulting in inflammation and mechanical trauma .	0.863	is not covered by	the meatus	the foreskin
When the meatus is not covered by the foreskin , it can rub against urine soaked diapers resulting in inflammation and mechanical trauma .	0.834	can rub against	it	urine soaked diapers resulting in inflammation and mechanical trauma
When the meatus is not covered by the foreskin , it can rub against urine soaked diapers resulting in inflammation and mechanical trauma .	0.557	resulting in	urine soaked diapers	inflammation and mechanical trauma
There is a debate within the medical and bioethics literature about whether or not the non-voluntary killing of patients can be regarded as euthanasia , irrespective of intent or the patient 's circumstances .	0.894	not the non-voluntary killing of patients can be regarded as	the non-voluntary killing of patients	euthanasia
Notorious train robber Roy Gardner was re-captured at the then-Oxford Hotel after escaping federal custody in 1921 .	0.925	was re-captured at	Notorious train robber Roy Gardner	the then-Oxford Hotel
Notorious train robber Roy Gardner was re-captured at the then-Oxford Hotel after escaping federal custody in 1921 .	0.674	be escaping in	federal custody	1921
The forest - products concern currently has about 38 million shares outstanding .	0.761	currently has	products concern	about 38 million shares outstanding
The forest - products concern currently has about 38 million shares outstanding .	0.639	be currently has by	about 38 million shares outstanding	The forest
Sometimes , if you have a headache , you can go out and walk it right off . ''	0.602	can walk right off	you	it
Sometimes , if you have a headache , you can go out and walk it right off . ''	0.122	have	you	a headache
Plans to artificially oxygenate areas of the Baltic that have experienced eutrophication have been proposed by the University of Gothenburg and Inocean AB .	0.725	have been proposed by	Plans	the University of Gothenburg
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .	0.868	settled the afternoon session at	bond futures	99-04
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .	0.861	settled the afternoon session at	front month T	99-04
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .	0.829	settled	bond futures	the afternoon session
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .	0.82	settled	front month T	the afternoon session
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .	0.779	be settled at	the afternoon session	99-04
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .	0.595	settled the afternoon session in	bond futures	99-04
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .	0.58	settled the afternoon session in	front month T	99-04
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .	0.57	does n't write	Mr. Kemp	the nation 's housing law
The term originated from the Harvard Mark I relay-based computer , which stored instructions on punched tape and data in electro-mechanical counters .	0.87	originated from	The term	the Harvard Mark
For example , when two such hydrophobic particles come very close , the clathrate-like baskets surrounding them merge .	0.099	surrounding for	the clathrate-like baskets	example
On 12 December 1930 , the R-boat departed Pearl Harbor for the last time and steamed east to San Diego , California , whence she continued on through the Panama Canal , to New London .	0.863	departed Pearl Harbor for	the R-boat	the last time
On 12 December 1930 , the R-boat departed Pearl Harbor for the last time and steamed east to San Diego , California , whence she continued on through the Panama Canal , to New London .	0.852	steamed east to	the R-boat	San Diego
On 12 December 1930 , the R-boat departed Pearl Harbor for the last time and steamed east to San Diego , California , whence she continued on through the Panama Canal , to New London .	0.807	departed	the R-boat	Pearl Harbor
On 12 December 1930 , the R-boat departed Pearl Harbor for the last time and steamed east to San Diego , California , whence she continued on through the Panama Canal , to New London .	0.755	be departed for	Pearl Harbor	the last time
On 12 December 1930 , the R-boat departed Pearl Harbor for the last time and steamed east to San Diego , California , whence she continued on through the Panama Canal , to New London .	0.695	departed Pearl Harbor on	the R-boat	12 December 1930
On 12 December 1930 , the R-boat departed Pearl Harbor for the last time and steamed east to San Diego , California , whence she continued on through the Panama Canal , to New London .	0.589	be departed on	Pearl Harbor	12 December 1930
On the way through each level , the player can find numerous weapon upgrades and `` Metal Slug '' tanks .	0.773	can find	the player	numerous weapon upgrades and `` Metal Slug '' tanks
On the way through each level , the player can find numerous weapon upgrades and `` Metal Slug '' tanks .	0.679	can find numerous weapon upgrades on	the player	the way
On the way through each level , the player can find numerous weapon upgrades and `` Metal Slug '' tanks .	0.594	can find `` Metal Slug '' tanks on	the player	the way
On the way through each level , the player can find numerous weapon upgrades and `` Metal Slug '' tanks .	0.591	can find numerous weapon upgrades through	the player	each level
On the way through each level , the player can find numerous weapon upgrades and `` Metal Slug '' tanks .	0.568	can be find on	numerous weapon upgrades and `` Metal Slug '' tanks	the way
On the way through each level , the player can find numerous weapon upgrades and `` Metal Slug '' tanks .	0.499	can find `` Metal Slug '' tanks through	the player	each level
On the way through each level , the player can find numerous weapon upgrades and `` Metal Slug '' tanks .	0.473	can be find through	numerous weapon upgrades and `` Metal Slug '' tanks	each level
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .	0.622	be Reading into	the settlement	the record
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .	0.843	Months later arrived at	the Greek vase	the museum
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .	0.843	Months later arrived in	the Greek vase	good condition
A massive cluster of thunderstorms occurred on July 11 , 2004 , with large hail and over of rain reported within the space of an hour in many places .	0.895	reported within	rain	the space of an hour
A massive cluster of thunderstorms occurred on July 11 , 2004 , with large hail and over of rain reported within the space of an hour in many places .	0.87	occurred on	A massive cluster of thunderstorms	July 11 , 2004
A massive cluster of thunderstorms occurred on July 11 , 2004 , with large hail and over of rain reported within the space of an hour in many places .	0.847	occurred with	A massive cluster of thunderstorms	large hail
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto - based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator .	0.892	was previously president of	Mr. Zayadi	Zellers Inc.
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto - based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator .	0.819	was previously	Mr. Zayadi	president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc.
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto - based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator .	0.547	was previously president of	Zellers Inc.	a retail chain that is owned by Toronto
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto - based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator .	0.455	be largest department store operator of	Hudson 's Bay Co.	Canada
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto - based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator .	0.287	be Bay Co. of	Canada 's largest department store operator	Hudson
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	0.82	continued until	a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers	1959
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	0.805	To be assist in	the pope	the many calls
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	0.741	led	Pascalina	the `` Magazzino
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	0.294	calls for	many	his help and charity
Although the villages were located close to industrial sites , they were generally physically separated from them and generally consisted of relatively high quality housing , with integrated community amenities and attractive physical environments .	0.898	were generally physically separated from	they	them
Although the villages were located close to industrial sites , they were generally physically separated from them and generally consisted of relatively high quality housing , with integrated community amenities and attractive physical environments .	0.858	generally consisted of	they	high quality housing
Although the villages were located close to industrial sites , they were generally physically separated from them and generally consisted of relatively high quality housing , with integrated community amenities and attractive physical environments .	0.841	were located close to	the villages	industrial sites
Although the villages were located close to industrial sites , they were generally physically separated from them and generally consisted of relatively high quality housing , with integrated community amenities and attractive physical environments .	0.829	generally consisted with	they	integrated community amenities and attractive physical environments
Stock prices rallied as the Georgia - Pacific bid broke the market 's recent gloom .	0.87	rallied as	Stock prices	the Georgia
Stock prices rallied as the Georgia - Pacific bid broke the market 's recent gloom .	0.796	broke	Pacific bid	the market 's recent gloom
A manifold is `` prime '' if it can not be presented as a connected sum of more than one manifold , none of which is the sphere of the same dimension .	0.898	is the sphere of	none of which	the same dimension
A manifold is `` prime '' if it can not be presented as a connected sum of more than one manifold , none of which is the sphere of the same dimension .	0.7	is	none of which	the sphere of the same dimension
A manifold is `` prime '' if it can not be presented as a connected sum of more than one manifold , none of which is the sphere of the same dimension .	0.6	is	A manifold	prime
A manifold is `` prime '' if it can not be presented as a connected sum of more than one manifold , none of which is the sphere of the same dimension .	0.284	can not be presented as	it	a connected sum of more than one manifold
The name stems from the appearance of the upside-down boat , similar to the carapace , that is the top shell of a sea turtle .	0.866	stems from	The name	the appearance of the upside-down boat
The name stems from the appearance of the upside-down boat , similar to the carapace , that is the top shell of a sea turtle .	0.778	is the top shell of	the carapace	a sea turtle
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .	0.739	will be scour for	the October employment report	clues
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .	0.709	report out	October employment	Friday
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .	0.627	will scour	investors	the October employment report
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .	0.583	will scour the October employment report , due out Friday for	investors	clues
All these vehicles have sharply improved Nissan 's morale and image -- but have n't done much for its market share .	0.701	have sharply improved	these vehicles	Nissan 's morale and image
Agen would have another successful run in the 1940s , beginning with the 1943 season when they defeated Stade Bordelais 11 to 4 to win the Coupe de France .	0.927	defeated Stade Bordelais 11 to	they	4
Agen would have another successful run in the 1940s , beginning with the 1943 season when they defeated Stade Bordelais 11 to 4 to win the Coupe de France .	0.864	defeated	they	Stade Bordelais 11
Agen would have another successful run in the 1940s , beginning with the 1943 season when they defeated Stade Bordelais 11 to 4 to win the Coupe de France .	0.854	would have	Agen	another successful run
Agen would have another successful run in the 1940s , beginning with the 1943 season when they defeated Stade Bordelais 11 to 4 to win the Coupe de France .	0.823	to win	they	the Coupe
Agen would have another successful run in the 1940s , beginning with the 1943 season when they defeated Stade Bordelais 11 to 4 to win the Coupe de France .	0.781	be defeated to	Stade Bordelais 11	4
Agen would have another successful run in the 1940s , beginning with the 1943 season when they defeated Stade Bordelais 11 to 4 to win the Coupe de France .	0.774	defeated Stade Bordelais 11 to win	they	the Coupe
Agen would have another successful run in the 1940s , beginning with the 1943 season when they defeated Stade Bordelais 11 to 4 to win the Coupe de France .	0.652	would have another successful run in the 1940s beginning with	Agen	the 1943 season
Agen would have another successful run in the 1940s , beginning with the 1943 season when they defeated Stade Bordelais 11 to 4 to win the Coupe de France .	0.542	be another successful run in	Agen	the 1940s
Agen would have another successful run in the 1940s , beginning with the 1943 season when they defeated Stade Bordelais 11 to 4 to win the Coupe de France .	0.354	run in	successful	the 1940s
The two companies are teaming up again for the Future Vertical Lift prototype called SB-1 Defiant , where employees from both companies will work together .	0.659	called	the Future Vertical Lift prototype	SB-1 Defiant
Pitt was a leading advocate of a more hard-line policy against Spain , and often castigated Walpole 's government for its weakness in dealing with Madrid .	0.819	was a leading advocate of	Pitt	a more hard-line policy
Pitt was a leading advocate of a more hard-line policy against Spain , and often castigated Walpole 's government for its weakness in dealing with Madrid .	0.747	be often castigated for	Walpole 's government	its weakness
Pitt was a leading advocate of a more hard-line policy against Spain , and often castigated Walpole 's government for its weakness in dealing with Madrid .	0.67	was	Pitt	a leading advocate of a more hard-line policy
Pitt was a leading advocate of a more hard-line policy against Spain , and often castigated Walpole 's government for its weakness in dealing with Madrid .	0.664	often castigated Walpole 's government for	Pitt	its weakness
Pitt was a leading advocate of a more hard-line policy against Spain , and often castigated Walpole 's government for its weakness in dealing with Madrid .	0.56	often castigated	Pitt	Walpole 's government
After a break of four years , he became a Lord Justice of Appeal .	0.769	became a Lord Justice of	he	Appeal
After a break of four years , he became a Lord Justice of Appeal .	0.725	became	he	a Lord Justice of Appeal
After a break of four years , he became a Lord Justice of Appeal .	0.542	became a Lord Justice of Appeal after	he	a break of four years
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .	0.87	resulted in	valuation errors	a $ 33 million charge
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .	0.849	has left the company following	rate options group	valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .	0.759	has left	rate options group	the company
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .	0.778	totaled	Volume	a modest 334.5 million shares
Spennymoor Town F.C. are the main local football team and won the FA Carlsberg Vase , after winning 2-1 in the final at Wembley Stadium against Tunbridge Wells in May 2013 .	0.753	won	Spennymoor Town F.C.	the FA Carlsberg Vase
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .	0.728	will be make with	the first move	an initial offer of about 900 pence
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .	0.679	will make the first move , with	Ford	an initial offer of about 900 pence
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .	0.57	will make	Ford	the first move
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .	0.879	transferred 5,000 middle managers to	Nissan	dealerships
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .	0.842	transferred	Nissan	5,000 middle managers and plant workers
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .	0.833	transferred plant workers to	Nissan	dealerships
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .	0.779	be transferred to	5,000 middle managers and plant workers	dealerships
As Secretary of the Interior , Chandler eradicated serious corruption in the Bureau of Indian Affairs , fully endorsing President Grant 's Peace Policy initiative to civilize American Indian tribes .	0.911	eradicated serious corruption in	Chandler	the Bureau of Indian Affairs
As Secretary of the Interior , Chandler eradicated serious corruption in the Bureau of Indian Affairs , fully endorsing President Grant 's Peace Policy initiative to civilize American Indian tribes .	0.842	eradicated	Chandler	serious corruption
As Secretary of the Interior , Chandler eradicated serious corruption in the Bureau of Indian Affairs , fully endorsing President Grant 's Peace Policy initiative to civilize American Indian tribes .	0.788	eradicated serious corruption as	Chandler	Secretary of the Interior
As Secretary of the Interior , Chandler eradicated serious corruption in the Bureau of Indian Affairs , fully endorsing President Grant 's Peace Policy initiative to civilize American Indian tribes .	0.785	be eradicated in	serious corruption	the Bureau of Indian Affairs
As Secretary of the Interior , Chandler eradicated serious corruption in the Bureau of Indian Affairs , fully endorsing President Grant 's Peace Policy initiative to civilize American Indian tribes .	0.63	be eradicated as	serious corruption	Secretary of the Interior
As Secretary of the Interior , Chandler eradicated serious corruption in the Bureau of Indian Affairs , fully endorsing President Grant 's Peace Policy initiative to civilize American Indian tribes .	0.629	eradicated serious corruption fully endorsing	Chandler	President Grant 's Peace Policy initiative
Damage Control is accomplished via a centrifugal bilge pump capable pumping a regulated volume of water out of the hull .	0.908	is accomplished via	Damage Control	a centrifugal bilge pump capable
DC Comics held a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street .	0.817	held	DC Comics	a memorial service
DC Comics held a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street .	0.775	often visited at	Manhattan 's Lower East Side	the Angel Orensanz Foundation
DC Comics held a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street .	0.697	often visited in	Manhattan 's Lower East Side	his work
DC Comics held a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street .	0.34	often visited	Manhattan 's Lower East Side	his work
DC Comics held a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street .	0.287	be Lower East Side of	a neighborhood Eisner	Manhattan
Because `` fudul '' commonly means `` virtuous '' the alliance is often translated as League of the Virtuous .	0.933	is often translated as	the alliance	League of the Virtuous
Because `` fudul '' commonly means `` virtuous '' the alliance is often translated as League of the Virtuous .	0.933	is often translated as	virtuous	League of the Virtuous
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .	0.693	be set for	the increases	Jan . 1 , 1990
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .	0.685	's	it	unclear
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .	0.68	is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products	LTV Steel	an average 3 %
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .	0.602	that abandoned in	it	last year
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .	0.602	is considering reinstituting	the New York Stock Exchange	a `` collar that it abandoned last year
The pre-Yom Kippur War Syrian-controlled sector was returned to Syria after the war .	0.919	was returned to	The pre-Yom Kippur War Syrian-controlled sector	Syria
The pre-Yom Kippur War Syrian-controlled sector was returned to Syria after the war .	0.898	was returned after	The pre-Yom Kippur War Syrian-controlled sector	the war
His elder brother , Conte Quinto Mazzolini , served as Italian consul in Jerusalem , and undertook negotiations with Abraham Stern , head of the Lehi terrorist group , which sought to obtain Italian recognition of Jewish sovereignty in Palestine in exchange for placing Zionism under the aegis of Italian fascism .	0.934	served as	His elder brother	Italian consul
His elder brother , Conte Quinto Mazzolini , served as Italian consul in Jerusalem , and undertook negotiations with Abraham Stern , head of the Lehi terrorist group , which sought to obtain Italian recognition of Jewish sovereignty in Palestine in exchange for placing Zionism under the aegis of Italian fascism .	0.801	be placing under	Zionism	the aegis of Italian fascism
His elder brother , Conte Quinto Mazzolini , served as Italian consul in Jerusalem , and undertook negotiations with Abraham Stern , head of the Lehi terrorist group , which sought to obtain Italian recognition of Jewish sovereignty in Palestine in exchange for placing Zionism under the aegis of Italian fascism .	0.781	to be obtain in	Italian recognition of Jewish sovereignty	exchange
His elder brother , Conte Quinto Mazzolini , served as Italian consul in Jerusalem , and undertook negotiations with Abraham Stern , head of the Lehi terrorist group , which sought to obtain Italian recognition of Jewish sovereignty in Palestine in exchange for placing Zionism under the aegis of Italian fascism .	0.777	undertook	His elder brother	negotiations
His elder brother , Conte Quinto Mazzolini , served as Italian consul in Jerusalem , and undertook negotiations with Abraham Stern , head of the Lehi terrorist group , which sought to obtain Italian recognition of Jewish sovereignty in Palestine in exchange for placing Zionism under the aegis of Italian fascism .	0.755	to be obtain in	Italian recognition of Jewish sovereignty	Palestine
His elder brother , Conte Quinto Mazzolini , served as Italian consul in Jerusalem , and undertook negotiations with Abraham Stern , head of the Lehi terrorist group , which sought to obtain Italian recognition of Jewish sovereignty in Palestine in exchange for placing Zionism under the aegis of Italian fascism .	0.7	be head of	negotiations	the Lehi terrorist group
She began her film career in 1947 in the film `` A New Oath '' .	0.866	began her film career in	She	1947
She began her film career in 1947 in the film `` A New Oath '' .	0.851	be began in	her film career	1947
She began her film career in 1947 in the film `` A New Oath '' .	0.815	began her film career in	She	the film
She began her film career in 1947 in the film `` A New Oath '' .	0.795	be began in	her film career	the film
She began her film career in 1947 in the film `` A New Oath '' .	0.71	began	She	her film career
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''	0.87	is the only major power in	America	recent history
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''	0.788	to equally benefit as	all participants	the provider of the security taking royalties
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''	0.755	to equally benefit without	all participants	her
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''	0.657	is	America	the only major power that has used its military might to sustain a system
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .	0.908	ended on	Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due	brokers ' screens
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .	0.839	ended at	Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due	95.90
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .	0.636	ended in	Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due	brokers ' screens
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .	0.604	to yield	Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due	5.435 %
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .	0.529	ended to yield	Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due	5.435 %
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	0.853	recently introduced	Procter & Gamble Co.	refillable versions of four products
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	0.656	to bring to be	them	the U.S.
For the next 20 years , she was one of the biggest stars in Korean film and led the Shin Film company along with her husband , the director Shin Sang-ok .	0.708	was	she	one of the biggest stars
For the next 20 years , she was one of the biggest stars in Korean film and led the Shin Film company along with her husband , the director Shin Sang-ok .	0.544	led	she	the Shin Film company
For the next 20 years , she was one of the biggest stars in Korean film and led the Shin Film company along with her husband , the director Shin Sang-ok .	0.4	be the biggest stars in	she	Korean film
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .	0.671	remains unusually	its name recognition	low
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .	0.576	blanket	its array of brands	supermarket shelves
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .	0.195	be its name recognition among	low	most consumers
`` Note : Hebert never played in The Open Championship . ''	0.881	never played in	Hebert	The Open Championship
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''	0.829	also reflected	the change	perceptions
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''	0.687	will be	the slate of economic statistic due this week	conducive
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''	0.553	will be conducive to	the slate of economic statistic due this week	a bond market rally
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''	0.399	be the slate of	conducive	economic statistic
Until 1974 , some southern councils of the Boy Scouts of America were still racially segregated .	0.742	were still racially segregated until	some southern councils of the Boy Scouts of America	1974
He was then appointed the United Nations Secretary General 's Special Representative for Sierra Leone and Head of the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone .	0.696	was then appointed	He	the United Nations Secretary General 's Special Representative
He was then appointed the United Nations Secretary General 's Special Representative for Sierra Leone and Head of the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone .	0.538	be the United Nations Secretary General 's Special Representative for	He	Sierra Leone and Head of the United Nations Mission
He was then appointed the United Nations Secretary General 's Special Representative for Sierra Leone and Head of the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone .	0.495	was then appointed for	the United Nations Secretary General 's Special Representative	Sierra Leone and Head of the United Nations Mission
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .	0.707	has done	government	an even worse job controlling its health bill than business
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .	0.699	denied	the IRS	them
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .	0.685	claimed	He	losses totaling $ 42,455
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .	0.62	denied	He	them
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .	0.602	claimed	the IRS	losses totaling $ 42,455
Considered as a whole , Mr. Lane said , the filings required under the proposed rules `` will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions . ''	0.793	be required under	the filings	the proposed rules
Considered as a whole , Mr. Lane said , the filings required under the proposed rules `` will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions . ''	0.751	will be	the filings required under the proposed rules	effective
The founder had pledged himself to honour the Blessed Virgin in a special manner .	0.875	to honour the Blessed Virgin in	himself	a special manner
The founder had pledged himself to honour the Blessed Virgin in a special manner .	0.846	to honour	himself	the Blessed Virgin
The founder had pledged himself to honour the Blessed Virgin in a special manner .	0.695	to be honour in	the Blessed Virgin	a special manner
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .	0.68	to seek out	investors	defensive '' investments
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .	0.632	's	it	natural
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .	0.76	could proceed because of	lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late	one
The core weapon system for CNC AFOs is the Heckler & Koch G36 , as well as this all officers are equipped with Glock 17 sidearms .	0.862	are equipped with	this all officers	Glock 17 sidearms
The core weapon system for CNC AFOs is the Heckler & Koch G36 , as well as this all officers are equipped with Glock 17 sidearms .	0.653	is	The core weapon system	the Heckler
The core weapon system for CNC AFOs is the Heckler & Koch G36 , as well as this all officers are equipped with Glock 17 sidearms .	0.46	be The core weapon system for	Koch G36	CNC AFOs
The core weapon system for CNC AFOs is the Heckler & Koch G36 , as well as this all officers are equipped with Glock 17 sidearms .	0.421	be The core weapon system for	the Heckler	CNC AFOs
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .	0.744	have been imploring the White House to compromise on	Republicans	the wage issue
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .	0.678	have been imploring	Republicans	the White House
Analysts say additional investors transferred their assets into money funds this month .	0.87	transferred their assets into	additional investors	money funds
Analysts say additional investors transferred their assets into money funds this month .	0.819	transferred their assets in	additional investors	this month
Analysts say additional investors transferred their assets into money funds this month .	0.795	be transferred into	their assets	money funds
Analysts say additional investors transferred their assets into money funds this month .	0.777	transferred	additional investors	their assets
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .	0.701	be unit of	Gulf Power	Southern
Swinburne relies on his previous arguments as he defends particular Christian beliefs .	0.852	relies on	Swinburne	his previous arguments
Swinburne relies on his previous arguments as he defends particular Christian beliefs .	0.568	defends	he	particular Christian beliefs
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .	0.732	trading around	the U.S. currency	1.7600 marks and 138 yen
On 16 November 2013 , he was elected president of the Union of European Federalists .	0.723	was elected	he	president of the Union of European Federalists
On 16 November 2013 , he was elected president of the Union of European Federalists .	0.655	was elected on	he	16 November 2013
On 16 November 2013 , he was elected president of the Union of European Federalists .	0.591	be president of	he	the Union of European Federalists
Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year , bringing the total to four , Infiniti wo n't show profits for at least five years , he adds .	0.885	wo n't show profits for	Infiniti	at least five years
Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year , bringing the total to four , Infiniti wo n't show profits for at least five years , he adds .	0.846	wo n't show	Infiniti	profits
Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year , bringing the total to four , Infiniti wo n't show profits for at least five years , he adds .	0.764	wo n't show profits despite	Infiniti	plans to add two new Infiniti models next year
Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year , bringing the total to four , Infiniti wo n't show profits for at least five years , he adds .	0.761	wo be n't show for	profits	at least five years
Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year , bringing the total to four , Infiniti wo n't show profits for at least five years , he adds .	0.675	be bringing to	the total	four
Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year , bringing the total to four , Infiniti wo n't show profits for at least five years , he adds .	0.646	wo be n't show despite	profits	plans to add two new Infiniti models next year
Males had a median income of $ 42,368 versus $ 31,208 for females .	0.861	had	Males	a median income of $ 42,368
Unlike most economic indicators , none of these figures are adjusted for seasonal variations .	0.914	are adjusted for	none of these figures	seasonal variations
Unlike most economic indicators , none of these figures are adjusted for seasonal variations .	0.754	are adjusted unlike	none of these figures	most economic indicators
Bats rely heavily on echolocation to detect their prey , such that their auditory system might well be equivalent both in importance and perceptual nature to the human visual system .	0.786	might well be equivalent in	their auditory system	importance and perceptual nature
Bats rely heavily on echolocation to detect their prey , such that their auditory system might well be equivalent both in importance and perceptual nature to the human visual system .	0.675	might well be	their auditory system	equivalent
Bats rely heavily on echolocation to detect their prey , such that their auditory system might well be equivalent both in importance and perceptual nature to the human visual system .	0.654	rely heavily on	Bats	echolocation
Bats rely heavily on echolocation to detect their prey , such that their auditory system might well be equivalent both in importance and perceptual nature to the human visual system .	0.331	rely heavily to detect	Bats	their prey , such
Lens subluxation is also seen in dogs and is characterized by a partial displacement of the lens .	0.937	is characterized by	Lens subluxation	a partial displacement of the lens
Lens subluxation is also seen in dogs and is characterized by a partial displacement of the lens .	0.892	is also seen in	Lens subluxation	dogs
Lens subluxation is also seen in dogs and is characterized by a partial displacement of the lens .	0.532	is also seen at	Lens subluxation	dogs
Indeed , the `` art of doctoring '' does contribute to better health results and discourages unwarranted malpractice litigation .	0.746	Indeed does contribute to	the `` art of doctoring	better health results
Indeed , the `` art of doctoring '' does contribute to better health results and discourages unwarranted malpractice litigation .	0.645	does discourages	the `` art of doctoring	unwarranted malpractice litigation
James Arthur Hogue is a US impostor who most famously entered Princeton University by posing as a self-taught orphan .	0.764	is	James Arthur Hogue	a US impostor
Modification of the river began in earnest with the arrival of the Florida East Coast Railway in Miami in 1896 .	0.914	began with	Modification of the river	the arrival of the Florida East Coast Railway
Modification of the river began in earnest with the arrival of the Florida East Coast Railway in Miami in 1896 .	0.908	began in	Modification of the river	earnest
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .	0.84	held	The Soviets	export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany
During the off-season the ACT Rugby Union was renamed the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union , and the name of the team was changed to Brumbies Rugby .	0.902	was changed to	the name of the team	Brumbies Rugby
During the off-season the ACT Rugby Union was renamed the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union , and the name of the team was changed to Brumbies Rugby .	0.822	was changed to	the ACT Rugby Union	Brumbies Rugby
During the off-season the ACT Rugby Union was renamed the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union , and the name of the team was changed to Brumbies Rugby .	0.754	was renamed during	the name of the team	the off-season
During the off-season the ACT Rugby Union was renamed the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union , and the name of the team was changed to Brumbies Rugby .	0.742	was renamed during	the ACT Rugby Union	the off-season
During the off-season the ACT Rugby Union was renamed the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union , and the name of the team was changed to Brumbies Rugby .	0.688	was renamed	the ACT Rugby Union	the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union
During the off-season the ACT Rugby Union was renamed the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union , and the name of the team was changed to Brumbies Rugby .	0.518	was renamed	the name of the team	the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union
The weapons do not influence the other racers at all .	0.808	do not influence	The weapons	the other racers
The radio duo 's month-long suspension from XM ended on June 15 , 2007 , when they returned to XM 's airwaves .	0.922	returned to	they	XM 's airwaves
The radio duo 's month-long suspension from XM ended on June 15 , 2007 , when they returned to XM 's airwaves .	0.672	ended on	XM	June 15
The radio duo 's month-long suspension from XM ended on June 15 , 2007 , when they returned to XM 's airwaves .	0.268	ended in	XM	June 15
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .	0.731	does view	Citicorp	Quotron
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	0.797	provides	Legislation sponsored by Sweeney	state pensions
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	0.756	die in	police , firefighters and emergency services workers	the line of duty
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	0.735	be sponsored by	Legislation	Sweeney
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	0.564	be removes by	the remarriage prohibition	the law
It was reduced to its present boundaries in 1799 .	0.862	was reduced to	It	its present boundaries
It was reduced to its present boundaries in 1799 .	0.845	was reduced in	It	1799
The key element of all optical stabilization systems is that they stabilize the image projected on the sensor before the sensor converts the image into digital information .	0.817	be projected on	the image	the sensor
The key element of all optical stabilization systems is that they stabilize the image projected on the sensor before the sensor converts the image into digital information .	0.813	stabilize	they	the image projected on the sensor before the sensor converts the image into digital information
The key element of all optical stabilization systems is that they stabilize the image projected on the sensor before the sensor converts the image into digital information .	0.775	converts the image into	the sensor	digital information
The key element of all optical stabilization systems is that they stabilize the image projected on the sensor before the sensor converts the image into digital information .	0.711	converts	the sensor	the image
One candidate is a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron , with another wreck near Escanaba , Michigan , also proposed .	0.943	is a wreck at	One candidate	the western end of Manitoulin Island
One candidate is a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron , with another wreck near Escanaba , Michigan , also proposed .	0.852	is a wreck in	One candidate	Lake Huron
One candidate is a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron , with another wreck near Escanaba , Michigan , also proposed .	0.832	is a wreck with	One candidate	another wreck
One candidate is a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron , with another wreck near Escanaba , Michigan , also proposed .	0.746	is	One candidate	a wreck
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .	0.822	badly needs	Mr. Gorbachev	a diversion
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .	0.774	faces at	he	home
In 2004 the Oxford English University Press included Makaton as a common usage word in the Oxford English Dictionary .	0.902	included Makaton as	the Oxford English University Press	a common usage word
In 2004 the Oxford English University Press included Makaton as a common usage word in the Oxford English Dictionary .	0.819	be included as	Makaton	a common usage word
In 2004 the Oxford English University Press included Makaton as a common usage word in the Oxford English Dictionary .	0.807	included	the Oxford English University Press	Makaton
In 2004 the Oxford English University Press included Makaton as a common usage word in the Oxford English Dictionary .	0.695	included Makaton in	the Oxford English University Press	2004
In 2004 the Oxford English University Press included Makaton as a common usage word in the Oxford English Dictionary .	0.589	be included in	Makaton	2004
In 2004 the Oxford English University Press included Makaton as a common usage word in the Oxford English Dictionary .	0.348	be usage word in	common	the Oxford English Dictionary
The brew , called Miller Sharp 's , will be supported by ads developed by Frankenberry , Laughlin & Constable , Milwaukee .	0.956	will be supported by	The brew called Miller Sharp 's	ads developed by Frankenberry , Laughlin & Constable , Milwaukee
The brew , called Miller Sharp 's , will be supported by ads developed by Frankenberry , Laughlin & Constable , Milwaukee .	0.479	be developed by	ads	Frankenberry
To the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy , that framed Judaism in light of Greek thought and human intellect , God the Infinite has no needs .	0.811	be framed in	Judaism	light of Greek
To the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy , that framed Judaism in light of Greek thought and human intellect , God the Infinite has no needs .	0.803	be school of	Medieval	Jewish Philosophy
To the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy , that framed Judaism in light of Greek thought and human intellect , God the Infinite has no needs .	0.728	has	human intellect	no needs
To the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy , that framed Judaism in light of Greek thought and human intellect , God the Infinite has no needs .	0.716	has	the Infinite	no needs
To the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy , that framed Judaism in light of Greek thought and human intellect , God the Infinite has no needs .	0.666	be framed to	Judaism	the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy
QVC Network Inc. said it completed its acquisition of CVN Cos. for about $ 423 million .	0.762	completed	it	its acquisition of CVN Cos.
She is the sister of Australian writer and scholar Niall Lucy , who passed away on the 5th June 2014 .	0.868	is the sister of	She	Australian writer and scholar Niall Lucy
She is the sister of Australian writer and scholar Niall Lucy , who passed away on the 5th June 2014 .	0.82	passed away on	the sister of Australian writer	the 5th June 2014
She is the sister of Australian writer and scholar Niall Lucy , who passed away on the 5th June 2014 .	0.716	is	She	the sister of Australian writer who passed away on the 5th June 2014
While the station was an initial moderate success among the young adult audience in the region , WHTA suffered a setback with its signal coverage .	0.882	was an initial moderate success among	the station	the young adult audience
While the station was an initial moderate success among the young adult audience in the region , WHTA suffered a setback with its signal coverage .	0.761	suffered a setback with	WHTA	its signal coverage
While the station was an initial moderate success among the young adult audience in the region , WHTA suffered a setback with its signal coverage .	0.717	be suffered with	a setback	its signal coverage
While the station was an initial moderate success among the young adult audience in the region , WHTA suffered a setback with its signal coverage .	0.704	suffered	WHTA	a setback
While the station was an initial moderate success among the young adult audience in the region , WHTA suffered a setback with its signal coverage .	0.636	was	the station	an initial moderate success
Returning home , Ballard delivers her report , which her superiors refuse to believe .	0.834	delivers	Ballard	her report which her superiors refuse to believe
The missing movements are provided via NC 33 , which the three highways intersect in the center of town .	0.894	are provided via	The missing movements	NC 33
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .	0.75	be guaranteed by	rights	any truly free system of government
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .	0.616	be Lawful demonstrations as	rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government	peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .	0.602	failed to topple	A strong challenge	him
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .	0.526	to topple	A strong challenge	him
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms .	0.875	set out to duplicate that feat with	Bioengineers	new life forms
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms .	0.789	to duplicate that feat with	Bioengineers	new life forms
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms .	0.778	set out to duplicate	Bioengineers	that feat
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms .	0.719	to duplicate	Bioengineers	that feat
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms .	0.708	to be duplicate with	that feat	new life forms
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .	0.901	was named to	old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust	the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .	0.448	post of	new	vice chairman of this bank holding company
In addition , the cut of women 's clothes was more complex , which made a more elegant silhouette .	0.656	was	the cut of women 's clothes	complex
In addition , the cut of women 's clothes was more complex , which made a more elegant silhouette .	0.48	was complex in	the cut of women 's clothes	addition
In addition , the cut of women 's clothes was more complex , which made a more elegant silhouette .	0.399	be the cut of	complex	women 's clothes
One of the prisoners , Kasim Mehaddi Hilas , said that one day he asked Graner for the time so that he could pray .	0.882	said that	One of the prisoners	one day he asked Graner for the time so that he could pray
One of the prisoners , Kasim Mehaddi Hilas , said that one day he asked Graner for the time so that he could pray .	0.798	asked Graner for	he	the time
One of the prisoners , Kasim Mehaddi Hilas , said that one day he asked Graner for the time so that he could pray .	0.744	be asked for	Graner	the time
One of the prisoners , Kasim Mehaddi Hilas , said that one day he asked Graner for the time so that he could pray .	0.723	asked	he	Graner
After the GASB was founded in 1984 , 11 years after the FASB , the government - owned entities were supposed to follow FASB rules unless the GASB superceded them .	0.832	was founded in	the GASB	1984
After the GASB was founded in 1984 , 11 years after the FASB , the government - owned entities were supposed to follow FASB rules unless the GASB superceded them .	0.794	was founded after	the GASB	the FASB
After the GASB was founded in 1984 , 11 years after the FASB , the government - owned entities were supposed to follow FASB rules unless the GASB superceded them .	0.647	superceded	the GASB	them
He was defeated on September 9 , 2008 in the Democratic Party primary by Pedro Espada .	0.7	was defeated	He	2008
He was defeated on September 9 , 2008 in the Democratic Party primary by Pedro Espada .	0.595	was defeated 2008 in the Democratic Party primary by Pedro Espada on	He	September 9
He was defeated on September 9 , 2008 in the Democratic Party primary by Pedro Espada .	0.214	was defeated 2008 in the Democratic Party primary by Pedro Espada in	He	September 9
Johns also appeared as an Imperial Officer in the 1980 `` Star Wars sequel '' , `` The Empire Strikes Back '' .	0.653	also appeared The Empire Strikes Back '' in	Johns	the 1980 `` Star Wars sequel
Johns also appeared as an Imperial Officer in the 1980 `` Star Wars sequel '' , `` The Empire Strikes Back '' .	0.581	also appeared The Empire Strikes Back '' as	Johns	an Imperial Officer
Johns also appeared as an Imperial Officer in the 1980 `` Star Wars sequel '' , `` The Empire Strikes Back '' .	0.562	be also appeared in	The Empire Strikes	the 1980 `` Star Wars sequel
Johns also appeared as an Imperial Officer in the 1980 `` Star Wars sequel '' , `` The Empire Strikes Back '' .	0.487	be also appeared as	The Empire Strikes	an Imperial Officer
Johns also appeared as an Imperial Officer in the 1980 `` Star Wars sequel '' , `` The Empire Strikes Back '' .	0.464	also appeared	Johns	The Empire Strikes
The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company added that it does n't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring .	0.606	does n't expect	it	any further adverse financial impact
Starting in 2009 , Akita began experiencing a huge surge in Korean tourism after the airing of the popular drama Iris , which featured several scenes shot in Akita , most notably at Lake Tazawa and Oga 's GAO Aquarium .	0.885	began experiencing a huge surge in Korean tourism after	Akita	the airing of the popular drama Iris
Starting in 2009 , Akita began experiencing a huge surge in Korean tourism after the airing of the popular drama Iris , which featured several scenes shot in Akita , most notably at Lake Tazawa and Oga 's GAO Aquarium .	0.841	shot most notably at	several scenes	Lake Tazawa and Oga 's GAO Aquarium
Starting in 2009 , Akita began experiencing a huge surge in Korean tourism after the airing of the popular drama Iris , which featured several scenes shot in Akita , most notably at Lake Tazawa and Oga 's GAO Aquarium .	0.8	began experiencing	Akita	a huge surge
Starting in 2009 , Akita began experiencing a huge surge in Korean tourism after the airing of the popular drama Iris , which featured several scenes shot in Akita , most notably at Lake Tazawa and Oga 's GAO Aquarium .	0.797	shot most notably in	several scenes	Akita
Starting in 2009 , Akita began experiencing a huge surge in Korean tourism after the airing of the popular drama Iris , which featured several scenes shot in Akita , most notably at Lake Tazawa and Oga 's GAO Aquarium .	0.731	be experiencing after	a huge surge	the airing of the popular drama Iris
In the 1999-2000 VHSL State Debate Tournament , Tallwood 's Four Person Policy Debate squad clinched the AAA championship .	0.796	clinched	Tallwood 's Four Person Policy Debate squad	the AAA championship
In the 1999-2000 VHSL State Debate Tournament , Tallwood 's Four Person Policy Debate squad clinched the AAA championship .	0.691	clinched the AAA championship in	Tallwood 's Four Person Policy Debate squad	the 1999-2000 VHSL State Debate Tournament
In the 1999-2000 VHSL State Debate Tournament , Tallwood 's Four Person Policy Debate squad clinched the AAA championship .	0.545	be clinched in	the AAA championship	the 1999-2000 VHSL State Debate Tournament
In 2005 , Kesey 's son Zane asked a friend , Matthew Rick , also known as Shady Backflash , to put on a 40th anniversary of his father 's Acid Tests .	0.849	asked	Zane	a friend also known as Shady Backflash , to put on a 40th anniversary of his father 's Acid Tests
In 2005 , Kesey 's son Zane asked a friend , Matthew Rick , also known as Shady Backflash , to put on a 40th anniversary of his father 's Acid Tests .	0.658	be asked in	a friend also known as Shady Backflash , to put on a 40th anniversary of his father 's Acid Tests	2005
In 2005 , Kesey 's son Zane asked a friend , Matthew Rick , also known as Shady Backflash , to put on a 40th anniversary of his father 's Acid Tests .	0.51	asked a friend , Matthew Rick , also known as Shady Backflash , to put on a 40th anniversary of his father 's Acid Tests in	Zane	2005
The Leopard 2 has a torsion bar suspension , and has advanced friction dampers .	0.769	has advanced	The Leopard 2	friction dampers
The Leopard 2 has a torsion bar suspension , and has advanced friction dampers .	0.605	has has	The Leopard 2	a torsion bar suspension
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .	0.821	recently commissioned	the group	a study of the past 20 years of bowling
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .	0.789	anticipates	the 1990 budget	income of 429.9 billion rubles
In 1970 , Arad moved to the United States and enrolled at Hofstra University to study industrial management .	0.909	enrolled at	Arad	Hofstra University
In 1970 , Arad moved to the United States and enrolled at Hofstra University to study industrial management .	0.881	moved to	Arad	the United States
In 1970 , Arad moved to the United States and enrolled at Hofstra University to study industrial management .	0.728	moved in	Arad	1970
In 1970 , Arad moved to the United States and enrolled at Hofstra University to study industrial management .	0.711	enrolled to study	Arad	industrial management
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .	0.928	lifted us with	Our pilot	another blast of flame
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .	0.86	fired up	Our pilot	the burner
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .	0.815	lifted a good 12 - inches above the water level with	Our pilot	another blast of flame
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .	0.756	lifted us	Our pilot	a good 12
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .	0.696	be lifted us with	a good 12	another blast of flame
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .	0.556	lifted a good 12 - inches above the water level	Our pilot	us
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .	0.326	be lifted a good 12 - inches above the water level with	us	another blast of flame
Necro became a regular member of the PWG roster through the majority of 2008 , teaming with Chris Hero to defend the honor of Candice LeRae against the Human Tornado and his allies in Claudio Castagnoli and Eddie Kingston .	0.956	became a regular member of	Necro	the PWG roster
Necro became a regular member of the PWG roster through the majority of 2008 , teaming with Chris Hero to defend the honor of Candice LeRae against the Human Tornado and his allies in Claudio Castagnoli and Eddie Kingston .	0.944	became a regular member of the PWG roster through	Necro	the majority of 2008
Necro became a regular member of the PWG roster through the majority of 2008 , teaming with Chris Hero to defend the honor of Candice LeRae against the Human Tornado and his allies in Claudio Castagnoli and Eddie Kingston .	0.879	became	Necro	a regular member of the PWG roster
Necro became a regular member of the PWG roster through the majority of 2008 , teaming with Chris Hero to defend the honor of Candice LeRae against the Human Tornado and his allies in Claudio Castagnoli and Eddie Kingston .	0.72	to be defend against	the honor of Candice LeRae	the Human Tornado and his allies
Necro became a regular member of the PWG roster through the majority of 2008 , teaming with Chris Hero to defend the honor of Candice LeRae against the Human Tornado and his allies in Claudio Castagnoli and Eddie Kingston .	0.647	became member of	regular	the PWG roster
Necro became a regular member of the PWG roster through the majority of 2008 , teaming with Chris Hero to defend the honor of Candice LeRae against the Human Tornado and his allies in Claudio Castagnoli and Eddie Kingston .	0.586	became member of the PWG roster through	regular	the majority of 2008
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .	0.618	's	It	a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .	0.618	is	It	a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one
The Treasury bills sold yesterday settle today , rather than the standard settlement day of Thursday .	0.844	settle than	The Treasury bills	the standard settlement day of Thursday
`` Communism will reach its final stage of development in a feckless Russo -- corporation - socialist in form , nationalistic in content and Oriental in style -- that will puzzle the world with alternating feats of realism and recklessness ... . ''	0.798	will reach	Communism	its final stage of development
`` Communism will reach its final stage of development in a feckless Russo -- corporation - socialist in form , nationalistic in content and Oriental in style -- that will puzzle the world with alternating feats of realism and recklessness ... . ''	0.789	will reach its final stage of development in	Communism	a feckless Russo
`` Communism will reach its final stage of development in a feckless Russo -- corporation - socialist in form , nationalistic in content and Oriental in style -- that will puzzle the world with alternating feats of realism and recklessness ... . ''	0.728	will be reach in	its final stage of development	a feckless Russo
In 2001 , he brought his mecha design talent to real-life projects when he designed a variant of the Sony `` AIBO '' robotic dog , the `` ERS-220 '' .	0.806	brought his mecha design talent to	he	real-life projects
In 2001 , he brought his mecha design talent to real-life projects when he designed a variant of the Sony `` AIBO '' robotic dog , the `` ERS-220 '' .	0.795	be brought to	his mecha design talent	real-life projects
In 2001 , he brought his mecha design talent to real-life projects when he designed a variant of the Sony `` AIBO '' robotic dog , the `` ERS-220 '' .	0.74	designed	he	a variant of the Sony `` AIBO '' robotic dog
In 2001 , he brought his mecha design talent to real-life projects when he designed a variant of the Sony `` AIBO '' robotic dog , the `` ERS-220 '' .	0.697	brought	he	his mecha design talent
In 2001 , he brought his mecha design talent to real-life projects when he designed a variant of the Sony `` AIBO '' robotic dog , the `` ERS-220 '' .	0.644	be brought in	his mecha design talent	2001
In 2001 , he brought his mecha design talent to real-life projects when he designed a variant of the Sony `` AIBO '' robotic dog , the `` ERS-220 '' .	0.601	brought his mecha design talent in	he	2001
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .	0.68	must agree to lift	holders representing 75 % of the shares	the takeover restrictions
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .	0.652	to lift	holders representing 75 % of the shares	the takeover restrictions
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .	0.571	voting at	the shares	a special shareholders ' meeting
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .	0.879	leaned during	the monsieur avec clipboard	the coffee phase of dinner
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .	0.876	leaned over	the monsieur avec clipboard	my shoulder
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .	0.459	asked	the monsieur avec clipboard	I
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .	0.888	are squeezed too by	Congress and the White House	steady increases
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 .	0.869	is completed in	it	1993
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 .	0.704	will be	The centerpiece of that complex	Japan 's tallest building
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 .	0.686	will be tallest building of	The centerpiece of that complex	Japan
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 .	0.476	be The centerpiece of	Japan 's tallest building	that complex
Indeed , one of its best-known members , the master-archer Merlyn , was eventually forced to flee from the League , fearing for his life , having failed to assassinate Batman .	0.863	to flee from	one of its best-known members	the League
Indeed , one of its best-known members , the master-archer Merlyn , was eventually forced to flee from the League , fearing for his life , having failed to assassinate Batman .	0.809	to flee from	the master-archer	the League
Warner Communications Inc. , which is being acquired by Time Warner , has filed a $ 1 billion breach - of - contract suit against Sony and the two producers .	0.866	has filed	Warner Communications Inc.	a $ 1 billion breach - of - contract suit against Sony and the two producers
After that , he resumed the practice of law , and was an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of Nebraska in 1880 .	0.912	was an unsuccessful candidate for	he	Governor of Nebraska
After that , he resumed the practice of law , and was an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of Nebraska in 1880 .	0.832	was an unsuccessful candidate in	he	1880
After that , he resumed the practice of law , and was an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of Nebraska in 1880 .	0.74	resumed	he	the practice of law
After that , he resumed the practice of law , and was an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of Nebraska in 1880 .	0.635	was	he	an unsuccessful candidate
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .	0.633	would give government officials	The Orwellian `` New World Information Order	rights
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .	0.263	be rights against	The Orwellian `` New World Information Order	the press
Following the 1938 `` Our Gang '' short `` Came the Brawn '' , McFarland `` retired '' from `` Our Gang '' , beginning a personal appearance tour .	0.502	be retired from	the Brawn	Our Gang
The Nadvorna dynasty is notable inasmuch as many of its descendants become rebbes .	0.667	is	The Nadvorna dynasty	notable
The strike obtained political support from the Political Affairs Committee , and the workers were addressed at numerous public meetings by Dr. Cheddi Jagan , Janet Jagan and leaders of the GIWU .	0.925	were addressed at	the workers	numerous public meetings
The strike obtained political support from the Political Affairs Committee , and the workers were addressed at numerous public meetings by Dr. Cheddi Jagan , Janet Jagan and leaders of the GIWU .	0.837	obtained	The strike	political support
Partially for those reasons , nuclear-armed cruise missiles are amongst the least deployed of all nuclear weapons , as their deployment is restricted by treaties such as SALT II .	0.699	be deployed of	the least	all nuclear weapons
But that development also had little effect on traders ' sentiment .	0.829	also had	that development	little effect
Test & official start of the TVN24 HD started on 30 November 2012 .	0.888	started on	start of the TVN24 HD	30 November 2012
Test & official start of the TVN24 HD started on 30 November 2012 .	0.586	started in	start of the TVN24 HD	30 November 2012
To the last of Love 's petitions to the parliament , 16 August , he appended a narrative of the whole plot , in which he virtually acknowledges all the charges made against him at the trial .	0.793	be made at	the charges	the trial
To the last of Love 's petitions to the parliament , 16 August , he appended a narrative of the whole plot , in which he virtually acknowledges all the charges made against him at the trial .	0.759	be made against	the charges	him
To the last of Love 's petitions to the parliament , 16 August , he appended a narrative of the whole plot , in which he virtually acknowledges all the charges made against him at the trial .	0.74	appended	he	a narrative of the whole plot
To the last of Love 's petitions to the parliament , 16 August , he appended a narrative of the whole plot , in which he virtually acknowledges all the charges made against him at the trial .	0.727	be appended to	a narrative of the whole plot	the last of Love 's petitions
To the last of Love 's petitions to the parliament , 16 August , he appended a narrative of the whole plot , in which he virtually acknowledges all the charges made against him at the trial .	0.722	virtually acknowledges	he	the charges made against him at the trial
To the last of Love 's petitions to the parliament , 16 August , he appended a narrative of the whole plot , in which he virtually acknowledges all the charges made against him at the trial .	0.657	be virtually acknowledges by	the charges made against him at the trial	the whole plot
To the last of Love 's petitions to the parliament , 16 August , he appended a narrative of the whole plot , in which he virtually acknowledges all the charges made against him at the trial .	0.603	appended a narrative of the whole plot , in which he virtually acknowledges all the charges made against him at the trial to	he	the last of Love 's petitions
Mr. Baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations .	0.866	pokes around	Mr. Baker	a bit
Mr. Baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations .	0.758	asks	Mr. Baker	a few questions
Mr. Baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations .	0.716	proposes	Mr. Baker	some explanations
Mr. Baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations .	0.699	hears out	Mr. Baker	her
Norris McLaughlin is a general - practice firm that has expanded recently into such specialties as banking , labor and environmental work .	0.817	is	Norris McLaughlin	a general - practice firm that has expanded recently into such specialties as banking , labor and environmental work
By this point , Simpson had returned to his mansion in Brentwood and had surrendered to police .	0.733	had had surrendered to	Simpson	police
By this point , Simpson had returned to his mansion in Brentwood and had surrendered to police .	0.71	had returned had to	Simpson	his mansion
By this point , Simpson had returned to his mansion in Brentwood and had surrendered to police .	0.504	had returned had by	Simpson	this point
One such adjustment includes the ability to switch which direction a running play will go without changing the formation .	0.853	includes	One such adjustment	the ability to switch which direction a running play will go without changing the formation
One such adjustment includes the ability to switch which direction a running play will go without changing the formation .	0.541	will go	a running play	which direction
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .	0.778	said	Underwriters	the J.C. Penney credit
Ms. Waleson is a free - lance writer based in New York .	0.817	is	Ms. Waleson	a free - lance writer based in New York
Ms. Waleson is a free - lance writer based in New York .	0.792	is a free - lance writer in	Ms. Waleson	New York
Ms. Waleson is a free - lance writer based in New York .	0.767	be based in	a free - lance writer	New York
About 800 have crossed the picket lines and returned to work .	0.713	have crossed	About 800	the picket lines
Gavin Hood is a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award-winning Foreign Language Film `` Tsotsi '' .	0.814	is	Gavin Hood	a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award-winning Foreign Language Film `` Tsotsi ''
Because of this association , St. Michael was considered to be the patron saint of colonial Maryland , and as such was honored by the river being named for him .	0.562	being named for	the river	him
Because of this association , St. Michael was considered to be the patron saint of colonial Maryland , and as such was honored by the river being named for him .	0.54	was considered of	St . Michael	this association
On April 13 , 1987 , the Iowa Terminal Railroad was sold to Dave Johnson and renamed to Iowa Traction Railroad .	0.879	was sold to	the Iowa Terminal Railroad	Dave Johnson
On April 13 , 1987 , the Iowa Terminal Railroad was sold to Dave Johnson and renamed to Iowa Traction Railroad .	0.877	be renamed to	the Iowa Terminal Railroad	Iowa Traction Railroad
On April 13 , 1987 , the Iowa Terminal Railroad was sold to Dave Johnson and renamed to Iowa Traction Railroad .	0.742	was sold on	the Iowa Terminal Railroad	April 13 , 1987
The South Quarter of the old city mainly includes the historic covered market and the Canal Cornillon , built during the Middle Ages , in the year 1235 .	0.82	be built in	the historic covered market and the Canal Cornillon	the year 1235
The South Quarter of the old city mainly includes the historic covered market and the Canal Cornillon , built during the Middle Ages , in the year 1235 .	0.783	be built during	the historic covered market and the Canal Cornillon	the Middle Ages
The South Quarter of the old city mainly includes the historic covered market and the Canal Cornillon , built during the Middle Ages , in the year 1235 .	0.772	mainly includes	The South Quarter of the old city	the historic covered market and the Canal Cornillon
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .	0.782	fell	LTV common shares	12.5 cents
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .	0.695	fell 12.5 cents in	LTV common shares	composite New York Stock Exchange trading
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .	0.565	be fell in	12.5 cents	composite New York Stock Exchange trading
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .	0.456	fell 12.5 cents to	composite New York Stock Exchange trading	LTV common shares
The dynastic rule of Wodeyars thereafter ended only with the establishment of democracy in free India .	0.914	thereafter ended with	The dynastic rule of Wodeyars	the establishment of democracy
Until the beginning January 2010 , HKL was responsible for planning and organising all public transport in Helsinki .	0.579	was	HKL	responsible
Until the beginning January 2010 , HKL was responsible for planning and organising all public transport in Helsinki .	0.397	was responsible until	HKL	the beginning January 2010
This implies physiological properties such as hair color , race , and height etc. ; and psychological properties like beliefs , values , and dislikes to name but a few .	0.343	be physiological properties as	race	hair color
This implies physiological properties such as hair color , race , and height etc. ; and psychological properties like beliefs , values , and dislikes to name but a few .	0.343	be psychological properties like	values	beliefs
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .	0.845	carries	Each $ 5,000 bond	one warrant , exercisable to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .	0.797	to be buy at	company shares	an expected premium of 2 1\/2 %
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .	0.579	are fixed in	terms	Monday
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .	0.663	wo n't make off	most Americans	the convenience trade
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''	0.776	have n't done	they	anything
One of its international specialists , Steve White , took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll 's hunt , ultimately tracing the hacker to West Germany .	0.88	took	One of its international specialists	a quick interest
One of its international specialists , Steve White , took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll 's hunt , ultimately tracing the hacker to West Germany .	0.693	be ultimately tracing to	the hacker	West Germany
One of its international specialists , Steve White , took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll 's hunt , ultimately tracing the hacker to West Germany .	0.634	took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll 's hunt ultimately tracing the hacker to	One of its international specialists	West Germany
One of its international specialists , Steve White , took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll 's hunt , ultimately tracing the hacker to West Germany .	0.535	took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll 's hunt ultimately tracing	One of its international specialists	the hacker
He also began making super-8 films beginning in junior high , and showed these films to the scholarship committee of Brigham Young University in 1981 , earning a full scholarship in ` Theatre and Cinematic Arts ' after receiving a Sundance Institute ` Most Promising Filmmaker ' award for his film `` Night Meeting '' .	0.872	be showed to	these films	the scholarship committee of Brigham Young University
He also began making super-8 films beginning in junior high , and showed these films to the scholarship committee of Brigham Young University in 1981 , earning a full scholarship in ` Theatre and Cinematic Arts ' after receiving a Sundance Institute ` Most Promising Filmmaker ' award for his film `` Night Meeting '' .	0.852	showed these films to	He	the scholarship committee of Brigham Young University
He also began making super-8 films beginning in junior high , and showed these films to the scholarship committee of Brigham Young University in 1981 , earning a full scholarship in ` Theatre and Cinematic Arts ' after receiving a Sundance Institute ` Most Promising Filmmaker ' award for his film `` Night Meeting '' .	0.779	be showed in	these films	1981
He also began making super-8 films beginning in junior high , and showed these films to the scholarship committee of Brigham Young University in 1981 , earning a full scholarship in ` Theatre and Cinematic Arts ' after receiving a Sundance Institute ` Most Promising Filmmaker ' award for his film `` Night Meeting '' .	0.729	beginning in	super-8 films	junior
He also began making super-8 films beginning in junior high , and showed these films to the scholarship committee of Brigham Young University in 1981 , earning a full scholarship in ` Theatre and Cinematic Arts ' after receiving a Sundance Institute ` Most Promising Filmmaker ' award for his film `` Night Meeting '' .	0.694	also began making	He	super-8 films beginning in junior high
He also began making super-8 films beginning in junior high , and showed these films to the scholarship committee of Brigham Young University in 1981 , earning a full scholarship in ` Theatre and Cinematic Arts ' after receiving a Sundance Institute ` Most Promising Filmmaker ' award for his film `` Night Meeting '' .	0.686	showed these films in	He	1981
He also began making super-8 films beginning in junior high , and showed these films to the scholarship committee of Brigham Young University in 1981 , earning a full scholarship in ` Theatre and Cinematic Arts ' after receiving a Sundance Institute ` Most Promising Filmmaker ' award for his film `` Night Meeting '' .	0.67	showed	He	these films
He also began making super-8 films beginning in junior high , and showed these films to the scholarship committee of Brigham Young University in 1981 , earning a full scholarship in ` Theatre and Cinematic Arts ' after receiving a Sundance Institute ` Most Promising Filmmaker ' award for his film `` Night Meeting '' .	0.606	be earning after	a full scholarship	Most Promising Filmmaker ' award
He also began making super-8 films beginning in junior high , and showed these films to the scholarship committee of Brigham Young University in 1981 , earning a full scholarship in ` Theatre and Cinematic Arts ' after receiving a Sundance Institute ` Most Promising Filmmaker ' award for his film `` Night Meeting '' .	0.393	showed these films earning a full scholarship in ` Theatre and Cinematic Arts after	He	Most Promising Filmmaker ' award
He also began making super-8 films beginning in junior high , and showed these films to the scholarship committee of Brigham Young University in 1981 , earning a full scholarship in ` Theatre and Cinematic Arts ' after receiving a Sundance Institute ` Most Promising Filmmaker ' award for his film `` Night Meeting '' .	0.393	showed these films earning	He	a full scholarship
Meades Ranch is a location in Kansas , United States that was designated as the geodetic base point for the North American Datum of 1927 .	0.897	is a location in	Meades Ranch	Kansas
Meades Ranch is a location in Kansas , United States that was designated as the geodetic base point for the North American Datum of 1927 .	0.817	is	Meades Ranch	a location that was designated as the geodetic base point for the North American Datum of 1927
Meades Ranch is a location in Kansas , United States that was designated as the geodetic base point for the North American Datum of 1927 .	0.419	is a location in	Kansas	United States
A famous work of fiction featuring scriveners is the short story `` Bartleby , the Scrivener '' by Herman Melville , first published in 1853 .	0.782	be first published in	the Scrivener	1853
A famous work of fiction featuring scriveners is the short story `` Bartleby , the Scrivener '' by Herman Melville , first published in 1853 .	0.667	is	A famous work of fiction featuring scriveners	the short story
A famous work of fiction featuring scriveners is the short story `` Bartleby , the Scrivener '' by Herman Melville , first published in 1853 .	0.492	be A famous work of	the short story	fiction
A famous work of fiction featuring scriveners is the short story `` Bartleby , the Scrivener '' by Herman Melville , first published in 1853 .	0.415	work of	famous	fiction
A famous work of fiction featuring scriveners is the short story `` Bartleby , the Scrivener '' by Herman Melville , first published in 1853 .	0.355	be work of	famous	fiction
It said CS First Boston `` has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that `` a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking - related business .	0.666	be a very significant portion of	one of the most aggressive firms	the firm 's profit
It said CS First Boston `` has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that `` a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking - related business .	0.542	be the most aggressive firms in	CS First Boston	merchant banking
It said CS First Boston `` has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that `` a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking - related business .	0.523	has has come from	CS First Boston	merchant banking
It said CS First Boston `` has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that `` a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking - related business .	0.499	has has come from	a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit	merchant banking
It said CS First Boston `` has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that `` a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking - related business .	0.353	be a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in	one of the most aggressive firms	recent years
It said CS First Boston `` has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that `` a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking - related business .	0.344	be the most aggressive firms in	a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit	merchant banking
Unlike Fast Gun clubs , Big Gun clubs operate based upon a loose confederation , with each club reserving the ability to establish and maintain its own rules , provided that they coincide with the spirit of Big Gun Model Warship Combat .	0.93	operate based with	Big Gun clubs	each club reserving the ability
Unlike Fast Gun clubs , Big Gun clubs operate based upon a loose confederation , with each club reserving the ability to establish and maintain its own rules , provided that they coincide with the spirit of Big Gun Model Warship Combat .	0.909	operate based upon	Big Gun clubs	a loose confederation
Unlike Fast Gun clubs , Big Gun clubs operate based upon a loose confederation , with each club reserving the ability to establish and maintain its own rules , provided that they coincide with the spirit of Big Gun Model Warship Combat .	0.875	coincide with	they	the spirit of Big Gun Model Warship Combat
Unlike Fast Gun clubs , Big Gun clubs operate based upon a loose confederation , with each club reserving the ability to establish and maintain its own rules , provided that they coincide with the spirit of Big Gun Model Warship Combat .	0.784	operate based unlike	Big Gun clubs	Fast Gun clubs
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .	0.93	recently filed suit in	The company	state court
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .	0.867	recently filed	The company	suit
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .	0.858	recently filed suit against	The company	American Brands
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .	0.838	be recently filed in	suit	state court
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .	0.753	be recently filed against	suit	American Brands
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .	0.399	recently filed suit seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from	The company	the Old Greenwich
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	0.813	owes to	it	investment bankers , law firms and banks
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	0.78	be billing for	UAL	fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	0.683	has begun billing UAL for	group	fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	0.543	has begun billing	group	UAL
In 2006 they applied for National League Three , finishing in 5th place and qualifying for the play-offs , where they lost to St Albans Centurions .	0.932	lost to	they	St Albans Centurions
In 2006 they applied for National League Three , finishing in 5th place and qualifying for the play-offs , where they lost to St Albans Centurions .	0.915	applied for	they	National League Three
In 2006 they applied for National League Three , finishing in 5th place and qualifying for the play-offs , where they lost to St Albans Centurions .	0.81	applied in	they	2006
In 2006 they applied for National League Three , finishing in 5th place and qualifying for the play-offs , where they lost to St Albans Centurions .	0.79	applied finishing in	they	5th place
In 2006 they applied for National League Three , finishing in 5th place and qualifying for the play-offs , where they lost to St Albans Centurions .	0.704	lost at	they	St Albans Centurions
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .	0.786	could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as	Time Warner and Sony	part of a settlement of their dispute
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .	0.7	could end up becoming	Time Warner and Sony	partners
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .	0.658	be becoming as	partners	part of a settlement of their dispute
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .	0.537	be producers of	Peter Guber and Jon Peters	Hollywood
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .	0.458	be producers for	Peter Guber and Jon Peters	Hollywood
Montgomery Blair 's Science , Math , and Technology Academy specializes in : Life Science , Physical Science , Engineering , Mathematics , Computer Networking , and Computer Programming .	0.742	Montgomery Blair 's Science , Math , and Technology Academy specializes in	Science , Math , and Technology Academy	Life Science , Physical Science , Engineering , Mathematics , Computer Networking , and Computer Programming
While the majority of Bremen 's burghers and city council adopted Calvinism until the 1590s , the chapter , being simultaneously the body of secular government in the neighbouring Prince-Archbishopric , clung to Lutheranism .	0.872	being simultaneously the body of	the 1590s	secular government
While the majority of Bremen 's burghers and city council adopted Calvinism until the 1590s , the chapter , being simultaneously the body of secular government in the neighbouring Prince-Archbishopric , clung to Lutheranism .	0.792	being simultaneously the body of secular government in	the 1590s	the neighbouring
While the majority of Bremen 's burghers and city council adopted Calvinism until the 1590s , the chapter , being simultaneously the body of secular government in the neighbouring Prince-Archbishopric , clung to Lutheranism .	0.744	clung to	the majority of Bremen 's burghers	Lutheranism
While the majority of Bremen 's burghers and city council adopted Calvinism until the 1590s , the chapter , being simultaneously the body of secular government in the neighbouring Prince-Archbishopric , clung to Lutheranism .	0.735	be adopted in	Bremen 's burghers and city council	Calvinism
While the majority of Bremen 's burghers and city council adopted Calvinism until the 1590s , the chapter , being simultaneously the body of secular government in the neighbouring Prince-Archbishopric , clung to Lutheranism .	0.407	being simultaneously the body of secular government of	the 1590s	the neighbouring
If neither contestant has been eliminated before time runs out in round three , the contestant with the higher score is declared the champion , adds their opponent 's score to their own , and their opponent is dropped .	0.776	runs out in	time	round three
If neither contestant has been eliminated before time runs out in round three , the contestant with the higher score is declared the champion , adds their opponent 's score to their own , and their opponent is dropped .	0.753	is declared	the contestant	the champion
Much like the Babylonian approximation of formula_1 , modern numerical analysis does not seek exact answers , because exact answers are often impossible to obtain in practice .	0.729	does not seek	modern numerical analysis	exact answers
He worked as a truck driver and Hebrew teacher to put himself through college , and graduated with a BBA in 1972 .	0.766	graduated with	He	a BBA
He worked as a truck driver and Hebrew teacher to put himself through college , and graduated with a BBA in 1972 .	0.728	to be put through	himself	college
He worked as a truck driver and Hebrew teacher to put himself through college , and graduated with a BBA in 1972 .	0.713	to put himself through	a truck driver and Hebrew teacher	college
He worked as a truck driver and Hebrew teacher to put himself through college , and graduated with a BBA in 1972 .	0.686	graduated in	He	1972
He worked as a truck driver and Hebrew teacher to put himself through college , and graduated with a BBA in 1972 .	0.64	to put	a truck driver and Hebrew teacher	himself
A Ford spokesman said the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem .	0.902	is n't aware of	the Dearborn , Mich . , auto maker	any injuries caused by the windshield problem
A Ford spokesman said the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem .	0.712	is	the Dearborn , Mich . , auto maker	n't aware of any injuries
A Ford spokesman said the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem .	0.705	be caused by	any injuries	the windshield problem
Newhan split the season between Triple-A Round Rock , where he hit .308 .	0.817	split	Newhan	the season
Newhan split the season between Triple-A Round Rock , where he hit .308 .	0.671	hit	he	.308
The airfield provides access to the area for emergency services .	0.807	provides	The airfield	access
The expansion plan has met with objection from some residents of the town , although others are in favour . .	0.852	has met with	The expansion plan	objection
The expansion plan has met with objection from some residents of the town , although others are in favour . .	0.741	are in	others	favour
Back in Ghana he is regarded with superstitious awe as a link to the Western life style .	0.885	is regarded with	he	superstitious awe
Back in Ghana he is regarded with superstitious awe as a link to the Western life style .	0.857	is regarded as	he	a link
Back in Ghana he is regarded with superstitious awe as a link to the Western life style .	0.425	is regarded in	he	Ghana
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .	0.922	would be limited to	the program	a net disbursement of $ 600 million
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .	0.551	was opening up to	debt - equity swaps	foreign investors
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .	0.517	announced in	Venezuela	this year
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .	0.502	was opening up debt - equity swaps to	it	foreign investors
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .	0.496	was opening up	it	debt - equity swaps
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated or created .	0.914	was introduced in	civilian government	Romblon
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated or created .	0.901	was introduced by	civilian government	the Americans
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated or created .	0.894	was introduced in	civilian government	16 March 1901
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated or created .	0.745	was	Banton	one of 11 new municipalities
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .	0.739	to be make from	payments	1981
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .	0.685	was the mastermind behind	former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton	the use of the ad agencies to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .	0.629	be president of	Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton	Gulf Power senior vice
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .	0.552	be president for	Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton	Gulf Power senior vice
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .	0.423	was	former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton	the mastermind
Employers could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .	0.879	could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' to	Employers	new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then
Employers could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .	0.861	could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for	Employers	90 days
Employers could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .	0.81	could be also pay to	a subminimum `` training wage	new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then
Employers could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .	0.758	could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for	Employers	another 90 days
Employers could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .	0.741	could also pay	Employers	a subminimum `` training wage
Employers could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .	0.739	could be also pay for	a subminimum `` training wage	90 days
Employers could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .	0.587	could be also pay for	a subminimum `` training wage	another 90 days
Employers could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .	0.138	institutes	the company	a specific training program
Employers could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .	0.125	institutes for	the company	the newcomers
`` Kormoran '' was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks in Australian waters during 1941 and the last Axis surface raider to enter Australian waters until 1943 .	0.739	to be conduct during	attacks	1941 and the last Axis surface raider
`` Kormoran '' was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks in Australian waters during 1941 and the last Axis surface raider to enter Australian waters until 1943 .	0.739	to be conduct in	attacks	Australian waters
`` Kormoran '' was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks in Australian waters during 1941 and the last Axis surface raider to enter Australian waters until 1943 .	0.708	to be enter until	Australian waters	1943
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .	0.84	spread Unificationism in	he	that country
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .	0.795	be spread in	Unificationism	that country
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .	0.734	spread	he	Unificationism
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .	0.679	has	he	the government 's blessing to build churches
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .	0.496	has the government 's blessing to build churches in	he	return
Piffaro generally performs a concert series of four to five concerts a year in Philadelphia , in addition to touring throughout the United States , Canada , Europe and elsewhere .	0.814	generally performs	Piffaro	a concert series of four to five concerts
In 1840 , he was appointed to command his regiment , a post he held for nearly fourteen years .	0.84	held for	he	nearly fourteen years
In 1840 , he was appointed to command his regiment , a post he held for nearly fourteen years .	0.655	was appointed in	he	1840
In 1840 , he was appointed to command his regiment , a post he held for nearly fourteen years .	0.531	to command	he	his regiment
In 1840 , he was appointed to command his regiment , a post he held for nearly fourteen years .	0.447	held in	he	a post
A CEN forms an important but small part of a Local Strategic Partnership .	0.81	forms of	A CEN	a Local Strategic Partnership
A CEN forms an important but small part of a Local Strategic Partnership .	0.788	forms	A CEN	an important but small part of a Local Strategic Partnership
A CEN forms an important but small part of a Local Strategic Partnership .	0.395	be part of	important	a Local Strategic Partnership
Evenly spaced Retzius lines indicate a 6-11 day cycle of enamel formation .	0.812	indicate	Retzius lines	a 6-11 day cycle of enamel formation
It was named for Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley , an officer in the War of 1812 , who was mainly remembered for the Battle of Lundy 's Lane and the Siege of Fort Erie , in 1814 .	0.847	was named for	It	Gen . Eleazer Wheelock Ripley
It was named for Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley , an officer in the War of 1812 , who was mainly remembered for the Battle of Lundy 's Lane and the Siege of Fort Erie , in 1814 .	0.499	be an officer in the War of 1812 in	Gen . Eleazer Wheelock Ripley	the War
It was named for Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley , an officer in the War of 1812 , who was mainly remembered for the Battle of Lundy 's Lane and the Siege of Fort Erie , in 1814 .	0.454	be an officer of	Gen . Eleazer Wheelock Ripley	1812
It was named for Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley , an officer in the War of 1812 , who was mainly remembered for the Battle of Lundy 's Lane and the Siege of Fort Erie , in 1814 .	0.168	be an officer in	Gen . Eleazer Wheelock Ripley	1812
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .	0.699	is also renewing undercover	its emphasis	investigations
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .	0.645	is also renewing its emphasis on investigations undercover	The company	investigations
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .	0.618	is also renewing	The company	its emphasis
Hapoel Lod played in the top division during the 1960s and 1980s , and won the State Cup in 1984 .	0.92	played in	Hapoel Lod	the top division
Hapoel Lod played in the top division during the 1960s and 1980s , and won the State Cup in 1984 .	0.859	played during	Hapoel Lod	the 1960s and 1980s
Hapoel Lod played in the top division during the 1960s and 1980s , and won the State Cup in 1984 .	0.833	won the State Cup in	Hapoel Lod	1984
Hapoel Lod played in the top division during the 1960s and 1980s , and won the State Cup in 1984 .	0.768	be won in	the State Cup	1984
Hapoel Lod played in the top division during the 1960s and 1980s , and won the State Cup in 1984 .	0.692	won	Hapoel Lod	the State Cup
Hapoel Lod played in the top division during the 1960s and 1980s , and won the State Cup in 1984 .	0.526	won the State Cup	Hapoel Lod	1984
The announcement effectively removes the British government as an impediment to a takeover of the company , which is being stalked by General Motors and Ford .	0.872	effectively removes the British government as	The announcement	an impediment
The announcement effectively removes the British government as an impediment to a takeover of the company , which is being stalked by General Motors and Ford .	0.807	effectively removes	The announcement	the British government
John performed the song on `` Soul Train '' .	0.716	performed	John	the song
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .	0.894	are covered by	6 % to 7 %	a General Electric pool policy
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .	0.894	are covered by	75 % of the loans	a General Electric pool policy
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .	0.818	are covered by	The issue	a General Electric pool policy
Schultes , in both his life and his work , has directly influenced notable people as diverse as biologist E.O. Wilson , physician Andrew Weil , psychologist Daniel Goleman , poet Allen Ginsberg , ethnobotanist , conservationist and author Mark J. Plotkin , and authors Alejo Carpentier and William S. Burroughs .	0.844	has directly influenced	Schultes	notable people as diverse
Schultes , in both his life and his work , has directly influenced notable people as diverse as biologist E.O. Wilson , physician Andrew Weil , psychologist Daniel Goleman , poet Allen Ginsberg , ethnobotanist , conservationist and author Mark J. Plotkin , and authors Alejo Carpentier and William S. Burroughs .	0.546	has directly influenced notable people as diverse as biologist E.O. Wilson , physician Andrew Weil , psychologist Daniel Goleman , poet Allen Ginsberg , ethnobotanist , conservationist and author Mark J. Plotkin , and authors Alejo Carpentier and William S. Burroughs in	Schultes	his life and his work
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .	0.803	told the House of Commons in	Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley	yesterday
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .	0.783	told	Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley	the House of Commons
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .	0.511	will relinquish	he	the government
It could point to plenty of ailments that the Spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure .	0.843	could point to	It	plenty of ailments
The concourse features both a newsagents style shop and a cafe .	0.782	features	The concourse	a newsagents style shop and a cafe
And he got rid of low - margin businesses that just were n't making money for the company .	0.674	just were n't making for	money	the company
And he got rid of low - margin businesses that just were n't making money for the company .	0.631	be rid of	he	low - margin businesses that just were n't making money for the company
In 1879 , he was re-elected U.S. Senator and was tipped as a Presidential candidate , but died suddenly after giving a speech in Chicago .	0.84	was tipped as	he	a Presidential candidate
In 1879 , he was re-elected U.S. Senator and was tipped as a Presidential candidate , but died suddenly after giving a speech in Chicago .	0.655	was re-elected U.S. Senator in	he	1879
In 1879 , he was re-elected U.S. Senator and was tipped as a Presidential candidate , but died suddenly after giving a speech in Chicago .	0.641	be giving in	a speech	Chicago
In 1879 , he was re-elected U.S. Senator and was tipped as a Presidential candidate , but died suddenly after giving a speech in Chicago .	0.579	was re-elected	he	U.S. Senator
`` It 's really bizarre , '' says Albert Lerman , creative director at the Wells Rich Greene ad agency .	0.616	be creative director at	Albert Lerman	the Wells Rich Greene ad agency
`` It 's really bizarre , '' says Albert Lerman , creative director at the Wells Rich Greene ad agency .	0.597	's really	It	bizarre
It is necessary to climb embankments to cross some roads where former bridges have been filled in .	0.816	to cross	embankments	some roads where former bridges have been filled in
It is necessary to climb embankments to cross some roads where former bridges have been filled in .	0.646	is	It	necessary
It is necessary to climb embankments to cross some roads where former bridges have been filled in .	0.625	have been filled in	former bridges	some roads
He held the post as Attorney-General until 1834 ; he was readmitted in 1841 and after serving for a year , became Master of the Rolls in Ireland .	0.869	was readmitted in	he	1841
He held the post as Attorney-General until 1834 ; he was readmitted in 1841 and after serving for a year , became Master of the Rolls in Ireland .	0.848	held the post as Attorney-General until	He	1834
He held the post as Attorney-General until 1834 ; he was readmitted in 1841 and after serving for a year , became Master of the Rolls in Ireland .	0.779	be held until	the post	1834
He held the post as Attorney-General until 1834 ; he was readmitted in 1841 and after serving for a year , became Master of the Rolls in Ireland .	0.761	held	He	the post
He supervised the deployment of his division across the Atlantic to North Africa , which was brought piecemeal as part of Operation Torch and subsequent operations .	0.802	supervised the deployment of his division across the Atlantic to	He	North Africa
He supervised the deployment of his division across the Atlantic to North Africa , which was brought piecemeal as part of Operation Torch and subsequent operations .	0.781	be supervised to	the deployment of his division	North Africa
He supervised the deployment of his division across the Atlantic to North Africa , which was brought piecemeal as part of Operation Torch and subsequent operations .	0.773	supervised	He	the deployment of his division
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .	0.758	publishes	Dow Jones	The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .	0.666	operates	Dow Jones	electronic business information services
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .	0.732	expires at	the current authority to issue debt	midnight tonight
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .	0.693	was structured differently from previous sales to	yesterday 's auction	the Treasury 's need
The Original Celtics were a barnstorming professional basketball team in the 1920s .	0.911	were a barnstorming professional basketball team in	The Original Celtics	1920s
The Original Celtics were a barnstorming professional basketball team in the 1920s .	0.78	were	The Original Celtics	a barnstorming professional basketball team
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .	0.871	SIGNALED for	MAY 1 , 1975	securities houses which were forced to end 183 years
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .	0.706	include	Allies concerned	the British , French and smaller NATO allies
The Smith-Waterman option provides better accuracy , in that it finds matches that BLAST can not , because it does not miss any information .	0.667	provides	The Smith-Waterman option	better accuracy
The Smith-Waterman option provides better accuracy , in that it finds matches that BLAST can not , because it does not miss any information .	0.497	does not miss	it	any information
The Smith-Waterman option provides better accuracy , in that it finds matches that BLAST can not , because it does not miss any information .	0.475	finds	it	matches
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .	0.821	also held	The Treasury	a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51
It said the situation is caused by efforts to streamline bloated factory payrolls .	0.945	is caused by	the situation	efforts to streamline bloated factory payrolls
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .	0.914	was banned from	A song praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela	South African state radio and television
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .	0.595	was banned in	A song praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela	South African state radio and television
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .	0.653	disclosed two months ago	The disk	a major fraud
In his 2010 book `` At Home '' , author Bill Bryson suggests Siddal may have suffered from poisoning , because she was a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution , a so-called complexion improver made from dilute arsenic .	0.894	made from	a so-called complexion improver	dilute arsenic
In his 2010 book `` At Home '' , author Bill Bryson suggests Siddal may have suffered from poisoning , because she was a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution , a so-called complexion improver made from dilute arsenic .	0.802	may have suffered from	Siddal	poisoning
In his 2010 book `` At Home '' , author Bill Bryson suggests Siddal may have suffered from poisoning , because she was a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution , a so-called complexion improver made from dilute arsenic .	0.75	was a `` devoted swallower of	she	Fowler 's Solution
In his 2010 book `` At Home '' , author Bill Bryson suggests Siddal may have suffered from poisoning , because she was a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution , a so-called complexion improver made from dilute arsenic .	0.722	suggests at	his 2010 book	Home
In his 2010 book `` At Home '' , author Bill Bryson suggests Siddal may have suffered from poisoning , because she was a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution , a so-called complexion improver made from dilute arsenic .	0.578	suggests at	author Bill Bryson	Home
In his 2010 book `` At Home '' , author Bill Bryson suggests Siddal may have suffered from poisoning , because she was a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution , a so-called complexion improver made from dilute arsenic .	0.508	was	she	a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution
The Aura spacecraft has a mass of about 1,765 kg .	0.798	has	The Aura spacecraft	a mass of about 1,765 kg
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .	0.81	to be yield with	9.192 %	a coupon of 8.95 %
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .	0.913	have been major buyers of	Insurance companies	prepayment
In this explanation the purpose of Creation is that `` God desired a dwelling place in the lower realms '' - it is man who transforms the mundane , lowest World into an abode for God 's essence .	0.767	desired a dwelling place in	God	the lower realms
In this explanation the purpose of Creation is that `` God desired a dwelling place in the lower realms '' - it is man who transforms the mundane , lowest World into an abode for God 's essence .	0.736	be desired in	a dwelling place	the lower realms
In this explanation the purpose of Creation is that `` God desired a dwelling place in the lower realms '' - it is man who transforms the mundane , lowest World into an abode for God 's essence .	0.704	desired	God	a dwelling place
In this explanation the purpose of Creation is that `` God desired a dwelling place in the lower realms '' - it is man who transforms the mundane , lowest World into an abode for God 's essence .	0.649	be transforms by	the mundane	man
In this explanation the purpose of Creation is that `` God desired a dwelling place in the lower realms '' - it is man who transforms the mundane , lowest World into an abode for God 's essence .	0.619	is	it	man who transforms the mundane
In this explanation the purpose of Creation is that `` God desired a dwelling place in the lower realms '' - it is man who transforms the mundane , lowest World into an abode for God 's essence .	0.469	is in	God	the purpose of Creation
They have a large range of possible power supplies , and can be 380V , 1000V , or even higher .	0.731	have can	They	a large range of possible power supplies
They have a large range of possible power supplies , and can be 380V , 1000V , or even higher .	0.691	can be	They	380V , 1000V , or even higher
The far left had some good issues even if it did not have good programs for dealing with them .	0.734	had	The far left	some good issues
The far left had some good issues even if it did not have good programs for dealing with them .	0.067	even did not have	it	good programs
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars .	0.875	puts at	one official	several billion dollars
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars .	0.873	will be double to	its purchases	an amount one official puts at several billion dollars
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars .	0.773	will double its purchases to	it	an amount one official puts at several billion dollars
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars .	0.465	will double	it	its purchases
Mortgage securities ended 2\/32 to 4\/32 higher in light trading .	0.875	ended in	Mortgage securities	light trading
Wallonia is also home to the small German-speaking Community of Belgium in the east , which has its own government and parliament for culture-related issues .	0.951	is also home to	Wallonia	the small German-speaking Community of Belgium
Wallonia is also home to the small German-speaking Community of Belgium in the east , which has its own government and parliament for culture-related issues .	0.908	is also home in	Wallonia	the east which has its own government and parliament for culture-related issues
Wallonia is also home to the small German-speaking Community of Belgium in the east , which has its own government and parliament for culture-related issues .	0.804	is also	Wallonia	home
Wallonia is also home to the small German-speaking Community of Belgium in the east , which has its own government and parliament for culture-related issues .	0.773	is also home of	Wallonia	the small German-speaking Community of Belgium
Wallonia is also home to the small German-speaking Community of Belgium in the east , which has its own government and parliament for culture-related issues .	0.643	be has by	its own government and parliament	the east
Had he mounted a credible defense of the defile , Alexander would have been easily repulsed .	0.679	Had mounted	he	a credible defense of the defile
`` Le Griffon '' is reported to be the `` Holy Grail '' of Great Lakes shipwreck hunters .	0.798	is reported	Le Griffon	the `` Holy Grail '' of Great Lakes shipwreck hunters
Conservatives are the faction in U.S. politics which always said that Mr. Ortega and his friends do n't want to hold an election in Nicaragua .	0.89	are the faction in	Conservatives	U.S. politics
Conservatives are the faction in U.S. politics which always said that Mr. Ortega and his friends do n't want to hold an election in Nicaragua .	0.775	do n't want to hold	Mr. Ortega and his friends	an election
Conservatives are the faction in U.S. politics which always said that Mr. Ortega and his friends do n't want to hold an election in Nicaragua .	0.753	to hold	Mr. Ortega and his friends	an election
The origin of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart is closely connected with the definition of the dogma of the Immaculate Conception of the B. V. M .	0.937	is closely connected with	The origin of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart	the definition of the dogma of the Immaculate Conception of the B. V. M
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .	0.898	dropped below	A 14 % inflation rate	5 %
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	0.902	are left after	Ballard and Williams	Sergeant Jericho
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	0.845	try to finish	they	the fight
With war with France looming , in March 1678 , Shaftesbury , Buckingham , Holles , and Halifax spoke out in favour of immediately declaring war on France .	0.937	spoke out in	Halifax	favour immediately declaring war on France
With war with France looming , in March 1678 , Shaftesbury , Buckingham , Holles , and Halifax spoke out in favour of immediately declaring war on France .	0.774	spoke out in	Halifax	March 1678
With war with France looming , in March 1678 , Shaftesbury , Buckingham , Holles , and Halifax spoke out in favour of immediately declaring war on France .	0.77	spoke out	Halifax	favour immediately declaring war on France
With war with France looming , in March 1678 , Shaftesbury , Buckingham , Holles , and Halifax spoke out in favour of immediately declaring war on France .	0.434	spoke out	Halifax	March 1678
In the United Kingdom , community empowerment networks are networks of a collection of local community , voluntary and third sector organisations and groups , set up by the central government as part of an initiative to foster community involvement in regeneration at a local level .	0.946	are networks of	community empowerment networks	a collection of local community
In the United Kingdom , community empowerment networks are networks of a collection of local community , voluntary and third sector organisations and groups , set up by the central government as part of an initiative to foster community involvement in regeneration at a local level .	0.887	be set up as	networks of a collection of local community	part of an initiative
In the United Kingdom , community empowerment networks are networks of a collection of local community , voluntary and third sector organisations and groups , set up by the central government as part of an initiative to foster community involvement in regeneration at a local level .	0.849	be set up by	networks of a collection of local community	the central government
In the United Kingdom , community empowerment networks are networks of a collection of local community , voluntary and third sector organisations and groups , set up by the central government as part of an initiative to foster community involvement in regeneration at a local level .	0.786	are networks of a collection of local community as	community empowerment networks	part of an initiative
In the United Kingdom , community empowerment networks are networks of a collection of local community , voluntary and third sector organisations and groups , set up by the central government as part of an initiative to foster community involvement in regeneration at a local level .	0.778	are networks of a collection of local community in	community empowerment networks	the United Kingdom
In the United Kingdom , community empowerment networks are networks of a collection of local community , voluntary and third sector organisations and groups , set up by the central government as part of an initiative to foster community involvement in regeneration at a local level .	0.754	to be foster at	community involvement	a local level
In the United Kingdom , community empowerment networks are networks of a collection of local community , voluntary and third sector organisations and groups , set up by the central government as part of an initiative to foster community involvement in regeneration at a local level .	0.725	are networks of a collection of local community by	community empowerment networks	the central government
On September 21 , 1955 , Moore went up in weight to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship .	0.916	went up in	Moore	weight
On September 21 , 1955 , Moore went up in weight to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship .	0.908	went up in	1955	weight
On September 21 , 1955 , Moore went up in weight to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship .	0.844	to face	Moore	future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano
On September 21 , 1955 , Moore went up in weight to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship .	0.833	to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for	Moore	Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship
On September 21 , 1955 , Moore went up in weight to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship .	0.822	to face	1955	future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano
On September 21 , 1955 , Moore went up in weight to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship .	0.81	to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for	1955	Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship
On September 21 , 1955 , Moore went up in weight to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship .	0.799	went up to face	Moore	future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano
On September 21 , 1955 , Moore went up in weight to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship .	0.773	went up to face	1955	future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano
On September 21 , 1955 , Moore went up in weight to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship .	0.728	went up on	Moore	September 21
On September 21 , 1955 , Moore went up in weight to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship .	0.711	went up to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for	Moore	Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship
On September 21 , 1955 , Moore went up in weight to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship .	0.695	went up on	1955	September 21
On September 21 , 1955 , Moore went up in weight to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship .	0.695	to be face for	future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano	Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship
On September 21 , 1955 , Moore went up in weight to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship .	0.677	went up to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for	1955	Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship
On September 21 , 1955 , Moore went up in weight to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship .	0.253	went up to	weight	1955
On September 21 , 1955 , Moore went up in weight to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship .	0.226	went up to	weight	Moore
Waterville , historically known as Coirean , is a village in County Kerry , Ireland , on the Iveragh Peninsula .	0.922	is a village on	Waterville	the Iveragh Peninsula
Waterville , historically known as Coirean , is a village in County Kerry , Ireland , on the Iveragh Peninsula .	0.916	is a village in	Waterville	County Kerry
Waterville , historically known as Coirean , is a village in County Kerry , Ireland , on the Iveragh Peninsula .	0.804	be historically known as	Waterville	Coirean
Waterville , historically known as Coirean , is a village in County Kerry , Ireland , on the Iveragh Peninsula .	0.804	is	Waterville	a village
Waterville , historically known as Coirean , is a village in County Kerry , Ireland , on the Iveragh Peninsula .	0.477	is a village in	County Kerry	Ireland
Due to the opposing nature of the two songs , they can be viewed as a debate on the opposing attitudes on love found throughout the play .	0.856	can be viewed to	they	the opposing nature of the two songs
Due to the opposing nature of the two songs , they can be viewed as a debate on the opposing attitudes on love found throughout the play .	0.798	found throughout	a debate	the play
However , it is interesting to note that premature menopause is more common in premutation carriers than in women with the full mutation , and for premutations with more than 100 repeats the risk of FXPOI begins to decrease .	0.645	is common in	premature menopause	premutation carriers
However , it is interesting to note that premature menopause is more common in premutation carriers than in women with the full mutation , and for premutations with more than 100 repeats the risk of FXPOI begins to decrease .	0.63	However is	it	interesting
However , it is interesting to note that premature menopause is more common in premutation carriers than in women with the full mutation , and for premutations with more than 100 repeats the risk of FXPOI begins to decrease .	0.607	is	premature menopause	common in premutation carriers than in women with the full mutation , and for
According to available information , the Maoists of Nepal have well-established linkages with Indian revolutionary communist organizations , primarily with the Communist Party of India , currently leading a protracted `` people 's war '' throughout the subcontinent .	0.824	have well-established linkages with Indian revolutionary communist organizations with	the Maoists of Nepal	the Communist Party of India
According to available information , the Maoists of Nepal have well-established linkages with Indian revolutionary communist organizations , primarily with the Communist Party of India , currently leading a protracted `` people 's war '' throughout the subcontinent .	0.811	have	the Maoists of Nepal	well-established linkages
According to available information , the Maoists of Nepal have well-established linkages with Indian revolutionary communist organizations , primarily with the Communist Party of India , currently leading a protracted `` people 's war '' throughout the subcontinent .	0.724	be currently leading throughout	a protracted `` people 's war	the subcontinent
According to available information , the Maoists of Nepal have well-established linkages with Indian revolutionary communist organizations , primarily with the Communist Party of India , currently leading a protracted `` people 's war '' throughout the subcontinent .	0.482	have well-established linkages with Indian revolutionary communist organizations currently leading	the Maoists of Nepal	a protracted `` people 's war
According to available information , the Maoists of Nepal have well-established linkages with Indian revolutionary communist organizations , primarily with the Communist Party of India , currently leading a protracted `` people 's war '' throughout the subcontinent .	0.461	have well-established linkages with Indian revolutionary communist organizations currently leading a protracted `` people 's war '' throughout	the Maoists of Nepal	the subcontinent
Violence against LGBT rights activists still occurs in Russia , as well as in Belarus and Ukraine .	0.866	still occurs in	Violence	Belarus and Ukraine
Violence against LGBT rights activists still occurs in Russia , as well as in Belarus and Ukraine .	0.824	still occurs in	Violence	Russia
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again .	0.932	had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in	Pinkerton	1987
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again .	0.881	had	Pinkerton	a loss of nearly $ 8 million
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again .	0.87	had a loss of nearly $ 8 million under	Pinkerton	American Brands
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again .	0.838	be had in	a loss of nearly $ 8 million	1987
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again .	0.754	had a loss of nearly $ 8 million	Pinkerton	1987
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again .	0.753	be had under	a loss of nearly $ 8 million	American Brands
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again .	0.54	's made	he	profitable
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .	0.905	had resulted in	His efforts to get back the stolen strips	recovery of just three
Riders also criticised Poulidor for accepting to be tested .	0.816	also criticised	Riders	Poulidor
Basil II also prepared carefully , assembling a large army of his own and taking his most experienced commanders , including the governor of Philippopolis , Nicephorus Xiphias , who had conquered the old Bulgarian capitals Pliska and Preslav from Samuel in 1001 .	0.8	be assembling including	a large army of his own	the governor of Philippopolis
Basil II also prepared carefully , assembling a large army of his own and taking his most experienced commanders , including the governor of Philippopolis , Nicephorus Xiphias , who had conquered the old Bulgarian capitals Pliska and Preslav from Samuel in 1001 .	0.683	also prepared carefully assembling a large army of his own including	Basil II	the governor of Philippopolis
Basil II also prepared carefully , assembling a large army of his own and taking his most experienced commanders , including the governor of Philippopolis , Nicephorus Xiphias , who had conquered the old Bulgarian capitals Pliska and Preslav from Samuel in 1001 .	0.663	be capitals of	Pliska and Preslav	Bulgarian
Basil II also prepared carefully , assembling a large army of his own and taking his most experienced commanders , including the governor of Philippopolis , Nicephorus Xiphias , who had conquered the old Bulgarian capitals Pliska and Preslav from Samuel in 1001 .	0.623	also prepared carefully assembling	Basil II	a large army of his own
Basil II also prepared carefully , assembling a large army of his own and taking his most experienced commanders , including the governor of Philippopolis , Nicephorus Xiphias , who had conquered the old Bulgarian capitals Pliska and Preslav from Samuel in 1001 .	0.543	also prepared carefully taking	Basil II	his most experienced commanders
Basil II also prepared carefully , assembling a large army of his own and taking his most experienced commanders , including the governor of Philippopolis , Nicephorus Xiphias , who had conquered the old Bulgarian capitals Pliska and Preslav from Samuel in 1001 .	0.251	be the governor of	Philippopolis	Nicephorus Xiphias
As of Sept. 30 , American Brands had 95.2 million shares outstanding .	0.783	had	American Brands	95.2 million shares outstanding
Mr. Meek said his suspicions were aroused by several foreign investments by Lincoln , including $ 22 million paid to Credit Suisse of Switzerland , an $ 18 million interest in Saudi European Bank in Paris , a $ 17.5 million investment in a Bahamas trading company , and a recently discovered holding in a Panama - based company , Southbrook Holdings .	0.956	were aroused by	his suspicions	several foreign investments
Mr. Meek said his suspicions were aroused by several foreign investments by Lincoln , including $ 22 million paid to Credit Suisse of Switzerland , an $ 18 million interest in Saudi European Bank in Paris , a $ 17.5 million investment in a Bahamas trading company , and a recently discovered holding in a Panama - based company , Southbrook Holdings .	0.501	be a $ 17.5 million investment in	Saudi European Bank	a Bahamas trading company
Mr. Meek said his suspicions were aroused by several foreign investments by Lincoln , including $ 22 million paid to Credit Suisse of Switzerland , an $ 18 million interest in Saudi European Bank in Paris , a $ 17.5 million investment in a Bahamas trading company , and a recently discovered holding in a Panama - based company , Southbrook Holdings .	0.308	be Saudi European Bank in	a $ 17.5 million investment	Paris
The crocodile returns , and ultimately Sunny is eaten .	0.675	is eaten in	Sunny	The crocodile returns
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .	0.85	be confirmed by	An alternative and more convincing explanation	recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program
In the parallel universe where the Justice Lords reside , Dick 's counterpart is happily married to Barbara 's and they had a son together .	0.848	is happily married to	the Justice Lords reside	Barbara
In the parallel universe where the Justice Lords reside , Dick 's counterpart is happily married to Barbara 's and they had a son together .	0.784	had	they	a son
In the parallel universe where the Justice Lords reside , Dick 's counterpart is happily married to Barbara 's and they had a son together .	0.497	is happily married in	the Justice Lords reside	the parallel universe
In the parallel universe where the Justice Lords reside , Dick 's counterpart is happily married to Barbara 's and they had a son together .	0.45	be counterpart of	the Justice Lords reside	Dick
The last passengers service ran in 1962 , but the line continued to carry freight .	0.877	ran in	The last passengers service	1962
The last passengers service ran in 1962 , but the line continued to carry freight .	0.806	continued to carry	the line	freight
The last passengers service ran in 1962 , but the line continued to carry freight .	0.752	to carry	the line	freight
The race ran to a total of 58 laps , five from the first section and 53 from the second section .	0.85	ran	The race	five from the first section and 53
The race ran to a total of 58 laps , five from the first section and 53 from the second section .	0.842	ran 53 to	The race	a total of 58 laps
The race ran to a total of 58 laps , five from the first section and 53 from the second section .	0.723	ran five from the first section and 53 from the second section to	The race	a total of 58 laps
The race ran to a total of 58 laps , five from the first section and 53 from the second section .	0.655	be ran to	five from the first section and 53	a total of 58 laps
Dangaioh 's characters , mecha , and storyline elements appeared in Banpresto 's `` Super Robot Wars '' games .	0.894	appeared in	Dangaioh 's characters , mecha , and storyline elements	Banpresto 's `` Super Robot Wars '' games
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers .	0.796	was	the intruder	one of those precocious students
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers .	0.458	be has by	fun	those precocious students
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .	0.685	warned	Grover Hartt III	a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .	0.585	stood to lose	Mr. Hunt	certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .	0.33	warned a Colorado condominium	Grover Hartt III	Mr. Hunt
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .	0.244	warned other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS	Grover Hartt III	Mr. Hunt
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .	0.129	had settled with	he	the IRS
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.869	was spread out 7.4 % from	the population	18
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.869	was spread out 7.4 % from	the population	25
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.869	was spread out 7.4 % with	the population	24.1 %
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.863	was spread out 30.2 % under	the population	the age of 18
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.863	was spread out 7.4 % under	the population	the age of 18
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.841	were 65 years of	8.5 %	age or older
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.819	was spread out 7.4 % to	the population	24
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 28.4 % from	the population	18
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 28.4 % from	the population	25
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 28.4 % from	the population	45
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 28.4 % with	the population	24.1 %
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 30.2 % from	the population	18
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 30.2 % from	the population	25
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 30.2 % from	the population	45
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 30.2 % with	the population	24.1 %
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 7.4 % from	the population	45
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.761	was spread out 28.4 % under	the population	the age of 18
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 28.4 % to	the population	24
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 28.4 % to	the population	44
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 28.4 % to	the population	64
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 30.2 % to	the population	24
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 30.2 % to	the population	44
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 30.2 % to	the population	64
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 7.4 % to	the population	44
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 7.4 % to	the population	64
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.661	was spread out 7.4 % in	the population	the CDP
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.655	was spread out 30.2 %	the population	7.4 %
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.655	was spread out 7.4 %	the population	30.2 %
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.495	was spread out 28.4 % in	the population	the CDP
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.495	was spread out 30.2 % in	the population	the CDP
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.489	was spread out 28.4 %	the population	30.2 %
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.489	was spread out 28.4 %	the population	7.4 %
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.489	was spread out 30.2 %	the population	28.4 %
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.1 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 30.2 % from 25 to 44 , 28.4 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.5 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.489	was spread out 7.4 %	the population	28.4 %
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .	0.903	declined to comment on	Ford officials	the British government 's action or on
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .	0.833	to comment on	Ford officials	the British government 's action or on
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .	0.959	were funded by	The contributions	monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .	0.492	be hiding in	the nature of the payments	effect
Average longevity is 15 months in the wild ; the longest lived wild individual on record was 5 years old .	0.896	is 15 months in	Average longevity	the wild
Average longevity is 15 months in the wild ; the longest lived wild individual on record was 5 years old .	0.746	is	Average longevity	15 months
Average longevity is 15 months in the wild ; the longest lived wild individual on record was 5 years old .	0.702	was	the longest lived wild individual	old
Average longevity is 15 months in the wild ; the longest lived wild individual on record was 5 years old .	0.385	be the longest lived wild individual on	old	record
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .	0.717	is	The Wall Street Journal	an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily
Newspaper editorials and Government officials suggested that the Korean units in South Vietnam should be recalled to deal with the North Korean threat , while various advisers coaxed President Park to `` Go North '' with or without the Americans .	0.723	coaxed	various advisers	President Park
Newspaper editorials and Government officials suggested that the Korean units in South Vietnam should be recalled to deal with the North Korean threat , while various advisers coaxed President Park to `` Go North '' with or without the Americans .	0.483	coaxed President Park to Go	various advisers	North
The RTC will have to sell or merge hundreds of insolvent thrifts over the next three years .	0.71	will have to sell	The RTC	hundreds of insolvent thrifts
The RTC will have to sell or merge hundreds of insolvent thrifts over the next three years .	0.708	to be sell over	hundreds of insolvent thrifts	the next three years
The RTC will have to sell or merge hundreds of insolvent thrifts over the next three years .	0.684	to sell	The RTC	hundreds of insolvent thrifts
The RTC will have to sell or merge hundreds of insolvent thrifts over the next three years .	0.546	will have to sell hundreds of insolvent thrifts over	The RTC	the next three years
One major difference between the two models is that the Photographic Model follows more of a step-by-step process in the development of flashbulb accounts , whereas the Comprehensive Model demonstrates an interconnected relationship between the variables .	0.699	demonstrates	the Comprehensive Model	an interconnected relationship
Nighy and Blunt received Golden Globe Awards for their performances .	0.866	received Golden Globe Awards for	Nighy and Blunt	their performances
Nighy and Blunt received Golden Globe Awards for their performances .	0.816	received	Nighy and Blunt	Golden Globe Awards
Nighy and Blunt received Golden Globe Awards for their performances .	0.748	be received for	Golden Globe Awards	their performances
Punjabi women wear a suit and salwar with chunni .	0.783	wear	Punjabi women	a suit and salwar
It is essentially the same as the dialect spoken in Xiamen , and is unintelligible with Standard Chinese .	0.796	is essentially the same as	It	the dialect spoken in Xiamen
It is essentially the same as the dialect spoken in Xiamen , and is unintelligible with Standard Chinese .	0.788	is essentially	It	the same as the dialect spoken in Xiamen , and is unintelligible
It is essentially the same as the dialect spoken in Xiamen , and is unintelligible with Standard Chinese .	0.746	is	It	the same as the dialect spoken in Xiamen , and is unintelligible
It is essentially the same as the dialect spoken in Xiamen , and is unintelligible with Standard Chinese .	0.62	be spoken in	the dialect	Xiamen
It is essentially the same as the dialect spoken in Xiamen , and is unintelligible with Standard Chinese .	0.586	is unintelligible with	It	Standard Chinese
He will keep the ball down , move it around .	0.636	will keep down	He	the ball
He will keep the ball down , move it around .	0.475	will keep the ball down move around	He	it
In `` Spider-Man Noir : Eyes without a Face '' , she takes on a more prominent role , sheltering Peter after he is almost killed by Sandman , as well as dating Crime Master .	0.89	takes on	Eyes	a more prominent role sheltering Peter after he is almost killed by Sandman dating Crime Master
In `` Spider-Man Noir : Eyes without a Face '' , she takes on a more prominent role , sheltering Peter after he is almost killed by Sandman , as well as dating Crime Master .	0.842	takes on	she	a more prominent role sheltering Peter after he is almost killed by Sandman dating Crime Master
In `` Spider-Man Noir : Eyes without a Face '' , she takes on a more prominent role , sheltering Peter after he is almost killed by Sandman , as well as dating Crime Master .	0.792	is almost killed by	he	Sandman
In `` Spider-Man Noir : Eyes without a Face '' , she takes on a more prominent role , sheltering Peter after he is almost killed by Sandman , as well as dating Crime Master .	0.667	takes in	Eyes	Spider-Man Noir
In `` Spider-Man Noir : Eyes without a Face '' , she takes on a more prominent role , sheltering Peter after he is almost killed by Sandman , as well as dating Crime Master .	0.555	takes in	she	Spider-Man Noir
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .	0.797	signal	a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times	a significantly lower dollar
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .	0.612	're finally seeing	We	the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .	0.828	reported	Marks & Spencer PLC	a 12 % gain
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .	0.821	reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit because of	Marks & Spencer PLC	improving performances
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .	0.704	be reported because of	a 12 % gain	improving performances
The majority of them are known to us only from long portions quoted in Byzantine catena-commentaries .	0.952	are known from	The majority of them	long portions quoted in Byzantine catena-commentaries
The majority of them are known to us only from long portions quoted in Byzantine catena-commentaries .	0.903	are known to	The majority of them	us
The majority of them are known to us only from long portions quoted in Byzantine catena-commentaries .	0.692	be quoted in	long portions	Byzantine catena-commentaries
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .	0.778	to adopt the logic of the New York court in	other states ' courts	DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .	0.737	to adopt	other states ' courts	the logic of the New York court
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .	0.685	to be adopt in	the logic of the New York court	DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .	0.591	could encourage on	the ruling	a broader scale
Hofmann was a below-average high school student , but he had many hobbies including magic , electronics , chemistry , and stamp and coin collecting .	0.69	was	Hofmann	a below-average high school student
Hofmann was a below-average high school student , but he had many hobbies including magic , electronics , chemistry , and stamp and coin collecting .	0.618	had	he	many hobbies
There was some profit - taking because prices for all the precious metals had risen to levels at which there was resistance to further advance , he said .	0.787	had risen to	prices	levels at which there was resistance to further advance
There was some profit - taking because prices for all the precious metals had risen to levels at which there was resistance to further advance , he said .	0.258	said	he	some profit
About 2.9 % of families and 3.2 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 3.2 % of those under age 18 and 3.1 % of those age 65 or over .	0.902	were including	About 2.9 % of families and 3.2 % of the population	3.2 % of those under age 18 and 3.1 % of those
About 2.9 % of families and 3.2 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 3.2 % of those under age 18 and 3.1 % of those age 65 or over .	0.894	were below	About 2.9 % of families and 3.2 % of the population	the poverty line
As was typically the case in England , Ely Cathedral was a Benedictine monastery , serving both monastic and secular function .	0.727	was	Ely Cathedral	a Benedictine monastery
As ex-slaves risked beatings for failing to meet the continuing duties , their freedom was limited .	0.751	risked	ex-slaves	beatings
The State Chancellory prepared a draft , which was discussed during five sessions of the Council of Ministers , where alterations were made to further strengthen the emperor 's prerogatives at the expense of the new parliament .	0.841	prepared	The State Chancellory	a draft which was discussed during five sessions of the Council of Ministers ,
The State Chancellory prepared a draft , which was discussed during five sessions of the Council of Ministers , where alterations were made to further strengthen the emperor 's prerogatives at the expense of the new parliament .	0.83	be strengthen at	the emperor 's prerogatives	the expense of the new parliament
The State Chancellory prepared a draft , which was discussed during five sessions of the Council of Ministers , where alterations were made to further strengthen the emperor 's prerogatives at the expense of the new parliament .	0.528	were made in	alterations	Ministers
COG is a 6-piece metal band based in Metro Manila , Philippines .	0.723	be based in	a 6-piece metal band	Metro Manila
COG is a 6-piece metal band based in Metro Manila , Philippines .	0.665	is	COG	a 6-piece metal band based in Metro Manila , Philippines
COG is a 6-piece metal band based in Metro Manila , Philippines .	0.573	is a 6-piece metal band in	COG	Metro Manila
COG is a 6-piece metal band based in Metro Manila , Philippines .	0.431	be based in	Metro Manila	Philippines
He was reared in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints by two devoutly religious parents .	0.918	was reared in	He	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
He was reared in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints by two devoutly religious parents .	0.733	was reared by	He	two devoutly religious parents
Along with these , there were also commissioners sent to the army , in charge of provisioning the army , policing and finances ; they would supervise accountants , providers , merchants , and generals , and attend war councils and tribunals for military crimes .	0.864	sent to	commissioners	the army
Along with these , there were also commissioners sent to the army , in charge of provisioning the army , policing and finances ; they would supervise accountants , providers , merchants , and generals , and attend war councils and tribunals for military crimes .	0.851	sent in	commissioners	charge provisioning the army
Along with these , there were also commissioners sent to the army , in charge of provisioning the army , policing and finances ; they would supervise accountants , providers , merchants , and generals , and attend war councils and tribunals for military crimes .	0.826	would supervise	they	accountants
Along with these , there were also commissioners sent to the army , in charge of provisioning the army , policing and finances ; they would supervise accountants , providers , merchants , and generals , and attend war councils and tribunals for military crimes .	0.632	would attend	they	war councils and tribunals
Along with these , there were also commissioners sent to the army , in charge of provisioning the army , policing and finances ; they would supervise accountants , providers , merchants , and generals , and attend war councils and tribunals for military crimes .	0.564	sent	commissioners	charge provisioning the army
It came in London 's `` Big Bang '' 1986 deregulation ; and Toronto 's `` Little Bang '' the same year .	0.815	came in	It	London 's `` Big Bang '' 1986 deregulation
It came in London 's `` Big Bang '' 1986 deregulation ; and Toronto 's `` Little Bang '' the same year .	0.258	came to	London 's `` Big Bang '' 1986 deregulation	It
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .	0.757	has	The real estate	a higher value
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .	0.484	has a higher value than the pending deal suggests in	The real estate	other words
A partial list of turbomachinery that may use one or more centrifugal compressors within the machine are listed here .	0.658	may be use within	one or more centrifugal compressors	the machine
`` Publish or perish '' is a phrase coined to describe the pressure in academia in the United States to rapidly and continually publish academic work to sustain or further one 's career .	0.908	coined to describe the pressure in	Publish or perish '' is a phrase	academia
`` Publish or perish '' is a phrase coined to describe the pressure in academia in the United States to rapidly and continually publish academic work to sustain or further one 's career .	0.829	coined to describe	Publish or perish '' is a phrase	the pressure
`` Publish or perish '' is a phrase coined to describe the pressure in academia in the United States to rapidly and continually publish academic work to sustain or further one 's career .	0.794	coined to describe the pressure to	Publish or perish '' is a phrase	academic work
`` Publish or perish '' is a phrase coined to describe the pressure in academia in the United States to rapidly and continually publish academic work to sustain or further one 's career .	0.739	to be describe in	the pressure	academia
`` Publish or perish '' is a phrase coined to describe the pressure in academia in the United States to rapidly and continually publish academic work to sustain or further one 's career .	0.587	to describe to be	the pressure	academic work
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .	0.772	would be scarcely find with	favor	the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .	0.558	is	he	bent
Following the Russian Revolution of 1917 , the town and Abkhazia in general were engulfed in the chaos of the Russian Civil War .	0.681	were engulfed following	the town and Abkhazia	the Russian Revolution of 1917
Following the Russian Revolution of 1917 , the town and Abkhazia in general were engulfed in the chaos of the Russian Civil War .	0.433	be the Russian Revolution of	the town and Abkhazia	1917
There were 22.2 % of families and 23.8 % of the population living below the poverty line , including 15.8 % of under eighteens and 37.5 % of those over 64 .	0.927	were including	22.2 % of families and 23.8 % of the population	15.8 % of
There were 22.2 % of families and 23.8 % of the population living below the poverty line , including 15.8 % of under eighteens and 37.5 % of those over 64 .	0.628	living below	the population	the poverty line
Mr. Blair said his libel suit seeks 10 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 8.5 million ) from Canadian Express and Hees executives Manfred Walt and Willard L'Heureux .	0.789	seeks	his libel suit	10 million Canadian dollars
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .	0.84	to evaluate a specific poison pill within	shareholders	the context of a specific management team 's strategy
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .	0.747	to evaluate	shareholders	a specific poison pill
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .	0.717	to be evaluate within	a specific poison pill	the context of a specific management team 's strategy
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .	0.672	could be stripped if	Mr. Hunt	the Tax Court rules
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .	0.648	removes	the action	one obstacle
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .	0.549	be heard in	a 1982 case	Washington
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .	0.921	will be sold through	the issue	First Boston Corp
HoLEP is largely similar to the HoLAP procedure ; the main difference is that this procedure is typically performed on larger prostates .	0.862	is typically performed on	this procedure	larger prostates
HoLEP is largely similar to the HoLAP procedure ; the main difference is that this procedure is typically performed on larger prostates .	0.812	is largely similar to	HoLEP	the HoLAP procedure
HoLEP is largely similar to the HoLAP procedure ; the main difference is that this procedure is typically performed on larger prostates .	0.804	is largely	HoLEP	similar
KNBC in Los Angeles , serving the media market where the police were tracking Simpson , left game coverage completely for the chase and did not even put up a split screen until the end of the game , which was still close at the time .	0.831	did not even put up until	a split screen	the end of the game
KNBC in Los Angeles , serving the media market where the police were tracking Simpson , left game coverage completely for the chase and did not even put up a split screen until the end of the game , which was still close at the time .	0.782	was still close at	the game	the time
KNBC in Los Angeles , serving the media market where the police were tracking Simpson , left game coverage completely for the chase and did not even put up a split screen until the end of the game , which was still close at the time .	0.709	left completely did for	game coverage	the chase
KNBC in Los Angeles , serving the media market where the police were tracking Simpson , left game coverage completely for the chase and did not even put up a split screen until the end of the game , which was still close at the time .	0.648	did not even put up a split screen until	KNBC	the end of the game
KNBC in Los Angeles , serving the media market where the police were tracking Simpson , left game coverage completely for the chase and did not even put up a split screen until the end of the game , which was still close at the time .	0.611	were tracking	the police	Simpson
KNBC in Los Angeles , serving the media market where the police were tracking Simpson , left game coverage completely for the chase and did not even put up a split screen until the end of the game , which was still close at the time .	0.568	did not even put up	KNBC	a split screen
KNBC in Los Angeles , serving the media market where the police were tracking Simpson , left game coverage completely for the chase and did not even put up a split screen until the end of the game , which was still close at the time .	0.545	left game coverage completely did for	KNBC	the chase
KNBC in Los Angeles , serving the media market where the police were tracking Simpson , left game coverage completely for the chase and did not even put up a split screen until the end of the game , which was still close at the time .	0.37	left completely did	KNBC	game coverage
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''	0.574	was paying on	he	an unsecured $ 10,000 loan
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''	0.546	was absolutely	the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan	onerous
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .	0.598	is considering because of	alternatives	changes
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .	0.568	is considering	it	alternatives
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .	0.544	is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of	it	changes
Porter claimed that a company must only choose one of the three or risk that the business would waste precious resources .	0.68	would waste	the business	precious resources
Porter claimed that a company must only choose one of the three or risk that the business would waste precious resources .	0.637	must only choose	a company	one of the three
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .	0.723	maintain	Some competitors	the interestrate option loss
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .	0.674	be taking than	large and often contrarian positions	a valuation problem
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .	0.653	taking large and often contrarian positions than	Chemical	a valuation problem
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .	0.593	taking	Chemical	large and often contrarian positions
Until then , governmental interventions had been of a social character , as displayed in the 1832-1914 period , where the major issues were social welfare and the educational system .	0.753	were	the major issues	social welfare and the educational system
Until then , governmental interventions had been of a social character , as displayed in the 1832-1914 period , where the major issues were social welfare and the educational system .	0.742	had been a social character , as displayed in	governmental interventions	the 1832-1914 period where the major issues were social welfare and the educational system
Two years later , in August 1961 , he broke again the European record in Lodz .	0.702	Two years later broke again	he	the European record
Two years later , in August 1961 , he broke again the European record in Lodz .	0.564	be Two years later broke again in	the European record	August 1961
Two years later , in August 1961 , he broke again the European record in Lodz .	0.44	Two years later broke again the European record in Lodz in	he	August 1961
This finding indicated that organic compounds could carry current .	0.68	could carry	organic compounds	current
Mr. Moon 's support for a Watergate - beleaguered Richard Nixon , the Koreagate scandal , and his prison sentence for income - tax evasion did not help the church 's recruitment efforts .	0.691	did not help	Mr. Moon 's support for a Watergate - beleaguered Richard Nixon , the Koreagate scandal , and his prison sentence	the church 's recruitment efforts
Mr. Moon 's support for a Watergate - beleaguered Richard Nixon , the Koreagate scandal , and his prison sentence for income - tax evasion did not help the church 's recruitment efforts .	0.372	be support of	the Koreagate scandal	Mr. Moon
Tyabb Airport has plans to develop and expand its runways and helipads .	0.794	has	Tyabb Airport	plans to develop and expand its runways and helipads
Mr. Baker found an opening under the house that led to a fume - filled coal mine .	0.887	found	Mr. Baker	an opening that led to a fume - filled coal mine
Mr. Baker found an opening under the house that led to a fume - filled coal mine .	0.783	led to	an opening	a fume
One of the better units based at NAS Glenview in the post-WWII period was Attack Squadron 725 , part of NARTU Glenview until 1970 , when it was redesignated as Attack Squadron 209 and became part of Carrier Air Wing Reserve TWENTY from 1970 onward .	0.84	was redesignated as	it	Attack Squadron 209
One of the better units based at NAS Glenview in the post-WWII period was Attack Squadron 725 , part of NARTU Glenview until 1970 , when it was redesignated as Attack Squadron 209 and became part of Carrier Air Wing Reserve TWENTY from 1970 onward .	0.757	was Attack Squadron 725 until	One of the better units	1970
One of the better units based at NAS Glenview in the post-WWII period was Attack Squadron 725 , part of NARTU Glenview until 1970 , when it was redesignated as Attack Squadron 209 and became part of Carrier Air Wing Reserve TWENTY from 1970 onward .	0.706	be based at	the better units	NAS Glenview
One of the better units based at NAS Glenview in the post-WWII period was Attack Squadron 725 , part of NARTU Glenview until 1970 , when it was redesignated as Attack Squadron 209 and became part of Carrier Air Wing Reserve TWENTY from 1970 onward .	0.697	be part of	Attack Squadron 725	NARTU Glenview
One of the better units based at NAS Glenview in the post-WWII period was Attack Squadron 725 , part of NARTU Glenview until 1970 , when it was redesignated as Attack Squadron 209 and became part of Carrier Air Wing Reserve TWENTY from 1970 onward .	0.655	was	One of the better units	Attack Squadron 725
One of the better units based at NAS Glenview in the post-WWII period was Attack Squadron 725 , part of NARTU Glenview until 1970 , when it was redesignated as Attack Squadron 209 and became part of Carrier Air Wing Reserve TWENTY from 1970 onward .	0.655	be based in	the better units	the post-WWII period
These early machines had data storage entirely contained within the central processing unit , and provided no access to the instruction storage as data .	0.816	had	These early machines	data storage entirely contained within the central processing unit
These early machines had data storage entirely contained within the central processing unit , and provided no access to the instruction storage as data .	0.752	be entirely contained within	data storage	the central processing unit
These early machines had data storage entirely contained within the central processing unit , and provided no access to the instruction storage as data .	0.721	provided	These early machines	no access
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .	0.929	will be registered under	The firms	Japanese law
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .	0.887	will be registered as	The firms	foreign legal consultants and their practice
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .	0.642	be advising on	them	matters of foreign law
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .	0.787	is rising over	Anxiety	recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .	0.707	now separate the two industries from	the strict barriers	each other
Finally on 30 June 1 799 , Krishnaraja Wodeyar Ill , a descendant of the ancient royal house was placed on the throne o Mysore by the British while Srirangapatna became the property of the victorious East India Company .	0.891	Finally on 30 June 1 799 was placed on	Krishnaraja Wodeyar Ill	the throne
Finally on 30 June 1 799 , Krishnaraja Wodeyar Ill , a descendant of the ancient royal house was placed on the throne o Mysore by the British while Srirangapatna became the property of the victorious East India Company .	0.848	Finally on 30 June 1 799 was placed by	Krishnaraja Wodeyar Ill	the British while
Finally on 30 June 1 799 , Krishnaraja Wodeyar Ill , a descendant of the ancient royal house was placed on the throne o Mysore by the British while Srirangapatna became the property of the victorious East India Company .	0.688	Finally on 30 June 1 799 was placed in	Krishnaraja Wodeyar Ill	Srirangapatna
Finally on 30 June 1 799 , Krishnaraja Wodeyar Ill , a descendant of the ancient royal house was placed on the throne o Mysore by the British while Srirangapatna became the property of the victorious East India Company .	0.609	be a descendant of	Krishnaraja Wodeyar Ill	the ancient royal house
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .	0.871	be valued at	receivable	a minimum of $ 23 million
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .	0.864	sued it here in	its Lone Star Steel Co. unit	federal court
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .	0.775	sued here	its Lone Star Steel Co. unit	it
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .	0.602	be sued here in	it	federal court
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .	0.658	Moreover tend to use less efficiently than American offices do	Japanese offices	computers
`` I do n't foresee any shortages over the next few months , '' says Ken Allen , an official of Operating Engineers Local 3 in San Francisco .	0.711	do n't foresee	I	any shortages
`` I do n't foresee any shortages over the next few months , '' says Ken Allen , an official of Operating Engineers Local 3 in San Francisco .	0.696	be an official of	Ken Allen	Operating Engineers Local 3
He made a midnight requisition of all the printers he could lay hands on so that he could monitor all the telephone lines coming into the lab 's computers .	0.707	could lay	he	hands
He made a midnight requisition of all the printers he could lay hands on so that he could monitor all the telephone lines coming into the lab 's computers .	0.693	made	He	a midnight requisition of all the printers
He made a midnight requisition of all the printers he could lay hands on so that he could monitor all the telephone lines coming into the lab 's computers .	0.668	coming into	the telephone lines	the lab 's computers
He made a midnight requisition of all the printers he could lay hands on so that he could monitor all the telephone lines coming into the lab 's computers .	0.533	so could monitor	he	the telephone lines coming into the lab 's computers
`` My Classical Way '' was released on 21 September 2010 on Marc 's own label , Frazzy Frog Music .	0.945	was released on	My Classical Way	21 September 2010
`` My Classical Way '' was released on 21 September 2010 on Marc 's own label , Frazzy Frog Music .	0.922	was released on	My Classical Way	Marc 's own label
`` My Classical Way '' was released on 21 September 2010 on Marc 's own label , Frazzy Frog Music .	0.713	was released in	My Classical Way	21 September 2010
`` My Classical Way '' was released on 21 September 2010 on Marc 's own label , Frazzy Frog Music .	0.628	was released in	My Classical Way	Marc 's own label
The city was renamed a few years later , and in 1885 given the name of Arlington , after the colonial center in Virginia .	0.766	be given the name of Arlington , after the colonial center in Virginia in	The city	1885
The city was renamed a few years later , and in 1885 given the name of Arlington , after the colonial center in Virginia .	0.475	be given	The city	the name of Arlington
A state judge postponed a decision on a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own .	0.837	postponed	A state judge	a decision
A state judge postponed a decision on a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own .	0.816	postponed on	A state judge	a move to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate
The Republic of Palau , split off from the Federated States of Micronesia , became the last to get its independence effectively on 1 October 1994 .	0.922	split off from	The Republic of Palau	the Federated States of Micronesia
The Republic of Palau , split off from the Federated States of Micronesia , became the last to get its independence effectively on 1 October 1994 .	0.81	to be get on	its independence	1 October 1994
Senator Sweeney also co-sponsored the law providing health benefits to New Jersey National Guard members who serve for 30 days or more on state active duty .	0.901	also co-sponsored	Senator Sweeney	the law providing health benefits to New Jersey National Guard members
Senator Sweeney also co-sponsored the law providing health benefits to New Jersey National Guard members who serve for 30 days or more on state active duty .	0.754	serve for	New Jersey National Guard members	30 days or more
Senator Sweeney also co-sponsored the law providing health benefits to New Jersey National Guard members who serve for 30 days or more on state active duty .	0.746	providing health benefits to	the law	New Jersey National Guard members
Senator Sweeney also co-sponsored the law providing health benefits to New Jersey National Guard members who serve for 30 days or more on state active duty .	0.694	be providing to	health benefits	New Jersey National Guard members
It was probably the same Marcus Perperna who was judex in the case of Gaius Aculeo , and also in that of Quintus Roscius , for whom Cicero pleaded .	0.826	was judex in	the same Marcus Perperna	the case of Gaius Aculeo
It was probably the same Marcus Perperna who was judex in the case of Gaius Aculeo , and also in that of Quintus Roscius , for whom Cicero pleaded .	0.7	was probably	It	the same Marcus Perperna
As a result , it becomes clear that the microbe can not survive outside a narrow pH range .	0.758	can not survive outside	the microbe	a narrow pH range
As a result , it becomes clear that the microbe can not survive outside a narrow pH range .	0.62	becomes	it	clear
As a result , it becomes clear that the microbe can not survive outside a narrow pH range .	0.383	becomes clear as	it	a result
Mrs. Marcos has n't admitted that she filed any documents such as those sought by the government .	0.561	filed	she	any documents
On December 16 , 2013 , Offishall joined Universal Music Canada as Creative Executive Director of A&R .	0.928	joined Universal Music Canada as	Offishall	Creative Executive Director of A&R
On December 16 , 2013 , Offishall joined Universal Music Canada as Creative Executive Director of A&R .	0.844	be joined as	Universal Music Canada	Creative Executive Director of A&R
On December 16 , 2013 , Offishall joined Universal Music Canada as Creative Executive Director of A&R .	0.83	joined	Offishall	Universal Music Canada
On December 16 , 2013 , Offishall joined Universal Music Canada as Creative Executive Director of A&R .	0.728	joined Universal Music Canada on	Offishall	December 16 , 2013
On December 16 , 2013 , Offishall joined Universal Music Canada as Creative Executive Director of A&R .	0.589	be joined on	Universal Music Canada	December 16 , 2013
Hombres G joined the independent recording company , Lollipop , who in 1983 released their first two singles : `` Milagro en el Congo / Venezia '' and `` Marta tiene un marcapasos / La cagaste , Burt Lancaster '' .	0.708	joined the independent recording company	Hombres G	Milagro en el Congo / Venezia '' and `` Marta tiene un marcapasos
Hombres G joined the independent recording company , Lollipop , who in 1983 released their first two singles : `` Milagro en el Congo / Venezia '' and `` Marta tiene un marcapasos / La cagaste , Burt Lancaster '' .	0.692	released their first two singles in	Lollipop	1983
Hombres G joined the independent recording company , Lollipop , who in 1983 released their first two singles : `` Milagro en el Congo / Venezia '' and `` Marta tiene un marcapasos / La cagaste , Burt Lancaster '' .	0.644	be released in	their first two singles	1983
Hombres G joined the independent recording company , Lollipop , who in 1983 released their first two singles : `` Milagro en el Congo / Venezia '' and `` Marta tiene un marcapasos / La cagaste , Burt Lancaster '' .	0.471	joined `` Marta tiene un marcapasos / La cagaste	Hombres G	the independent recording company
Hombres G joined the independent recording company , Lollipop , who in 1983 released their first two singles : `` Milagro en el Congo / Venezia '' and `` Marta tiene un marcapasos / La cagaste , Burt Lancaster '' .	0.257	joined Milagro en el Congo / Venezia '' and `` Marta tiene un marcapasos / La cagaste , Burt Lancaster ''	Hombres G	the independent recording company
Ballast tanks are equipped to change a ship 's trim and modify its stability .	0.717	to change	Ballast tanks	a ship 's trim
Ballast tanks are equipped to change a ship 's trim and modify its stability .	0.552	to modify	Ballast tanks	its stability
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .	0.925	outpaced decliners by	Advancing OTC stocks	1,120
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .	0.859	outpaced	Advancing OTC stocks	decliners
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .	0.838	be outpaced by	decliners	1,120
Often , objects are so far away that they do not contribute significantly to the final image .	0.627	Often , objects are so far away do not contribute to	they	the final image
When the canal was opened to the river in March 1912 large amounts of Everglades muck and finely ground stone from the dredging were washed down the river , silting it .	0.94	was opened to	the canal	the river
When the canal was opened to the river in March 1912 large amounts of Everglades muck and finely ground stone from the dredging were washed down the river , silting it .	0.916	was opened in	the canal	March 1912 large amounts of Everglades muck
When the canal was opened to the river in March 1912 large amounts of Everglades muck and finely ground stone from the dredging were washed down the river , silting it .	0.807	was opened from	the canal	the dredging
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .	0.948	are then inserted into	Both genes	a few greenhouse plants which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	0.804	use PCs at	Japanese office workers	the rate of their European counterparts
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	0.79	use	Japanese office workers	PCs
The city of Hartford is protected by 395 professional firefighters of the city of Hartford Fire Department .	0.937	is protected by	The city of Hartford	395 professional firefighters of the city of Hartford Fire Department
The influential Foreign Minister Klemens von Metternich also held the post of Chancellor of State from 1821 until 1848 , under both Francis I and his son Ferdinand I. Under Metternich , nationalist revolts in Austrian north Italy and the German states were forcibly crushed .	0.908	also held the post of Chancellor of State from	The influential Foreign Minister Klemens von Metternich	1821
The influential Foreign Minister Klemens von Metternich also held the post of Chancellor of State from 1821 until 1848 , under both Francis I and his son Ferdinand I. Under Metternich , nationalist revolts in Austrian north Italy and the German states were forcibly crushed .	0.873	also held the post of Chancellor of State until	The influential Foreign Minister Klemens von Metternich	1848 I and his son Ferdinand I. Under Metternich , nationalist revolts in Austrian north Italy and the German states were forcibly crushed
The influential Foreign Minister Klemens von Metternich also held the post of Chancellor of State from 1821 until 1848 , under both Francis I and his son Ferdinand I. Under Metternich , nationalist revolts in Austrian north Italy and the German states were forcibly crushed .	0.87	also held	The influential Foreign Minister Klemens von Metternich	the post of Chancellor of State
The influential Foreign Minister Klemens von Metternich also held the post of Chancellor of State from 1821 until 1848 , under both Francis I and his son Ferdinand I. Under Metternich , nationalist revolts in Austrian north Italy and the German states were forcibly crushed .	0.794	be also held from	the post of Chancellor of State	1821
The influential Foreign Minister Klemens von Metternich also held the post of Chancellor of State from 1821 until 1848 , under both Francis I and his son Ferdinand I. Under Metternich , nationalist revolts in Austrian north Italy and the German states were forcibly crushed .	0.776	be also held until	the post of Chancellor of State	1848 I and his son Ferdinand I. Under Metternich , nationalist revolts in Austrian north Italy and the German states were forcibly crushed
The influential Foreign Minister Klemens von Metternich also held the post of Chancellor of State from 1821 until 1848 , under both Francis I and his son Ferdinand I. Under Metternich , nationalist revolts in Austrian north Italy and the German states were forcibly crushed .	0.446	were forcibly crushed in	I and his son Ferdinand I. Under Metternich , nationalist revolts in Austrian north Italy and the German states	1848
The influential Foreign Minister Klemens von Metternich also held the post of Chancellor of State from 1821 until 1848 , under both Francis I and his son Ferdinand I. Under Metternich , nationalist revolts in Austrian north Italy and the German states were forcibly crushed .	0.312	be his son Ferdinand I. under	nationalist revolts	Metternich
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .	0.854	had	Our decision	nothing to do with any pressure
In 1845 , he was chosen Chief Justice of the Court of Queen 's Bench .	0.724	was chosen	he	Chief Justice of the Court of Queen 's Bench
In 1845 , he was chosen Chief Justice of the Court of Queen 's Bench .	0.59	be Chief Justice of	he	the Court of Queen 's Bench
In 1845 , he was chosen Chief Justice of the Court of Queen 's Bench .	0.483	was chosen Chief Justice of the Court of Queen 's Bench in	he	1845
Godzilla and Battra battled on the ocean floor , until they caused a rift to open between tectonic plates .	0.87	battled on	Godzilla and Battra	the ocean floor
Godzilla and Battra battled on the ocean floor , until they caused a rift to open between tectonic plates .	0.834	to open between	a rift	tectonic plates
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .	0.894	raised cattle for	investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner	four
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .	0.86	raised	investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner	cattle
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .	0.779	be raised for	cattle	four
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .	0.755	never made	investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner	a profit
A year earlier UniFirst earned $ 2.4 million , or 24 cents a share adjusted for the split .	0.782	be adjusted for	$ 2.4 million , or 24 cents	the split
He served as the first Prime Minister of Australia and became a founding justice of the High Court of Australia .	0.92	became a founding justice of	He	the High Court of Australia
He served as the first Prime Minister of Australia and became a founding justice of the High Court of Australia .	0.86	served as	He	the first Prime Minister of Australia
He served as the first Prime Minister of Australia and became a founding justice of the High Court of Australia .	0.736	became	He	a founding justice of the High Court of Australia
Animatronic designer and puppeteer Ian James Colmer , who also plays the voice of Charlotte the Hen , now runs a film production company Destiny Pictures .	0.639	be also plays by	the voice of Charlotte the Hen	Animatronic designer and puppeteer
Animatronic designer and puppeteer Ian James Colmer , who also plays the voice of Charlotte the Hen , now runs a film production company Destiny Pictures .	0.601	now runs	Animatronic designer and puppeteer Ian James Colmer , who also plays the voice of Charlotte the Hen	a film production company Destiny Pictures
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .	0.864	banned	the FDA	the use of DES
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .	0.86	linked it to	studies	cancer and other problems
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .	0.718	be linked to	it	cancer and other problems
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .	0.695	banned the use of DES in	the FDA	1971
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .	0.681	linked	studies	it
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .	0.55	be banned in	the use of DES	1971
The second marital privilege cited by Mrs. Marcos protects confidential communications between spouses .	0.797	protects	The second marital privilege cited by Mrs. Marcos	confidential communications
The second marital privilege cited by Mrs. Marcos protects confidential communications between spouses .	0.735	be cited by	The second marital privilege	Mrs. Marcos
On 14 February 1961 , the Holy See ordered that the name of Saint Philomena be removed from all liturgical calendars that mentioned her .	0.827	be removed from	the name of Saint Philomena	all liturgical calendars that mentioned her
On 14 February 1961 , the Holy See ordered that the name of Saint Philomena be removed from all liturgical calendars that mentioned her .	0.695	ordered on	the Holy See	14 February 1961
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .	0.748	would finance the acquisition with	Georgia	all bank debt
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .	0.746	would finance	Georgia	the acquisition
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .	0.709	would be finance with	the acquisition	all bank debt
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .	0.466	be led by	banks	BankAmerica Corp
The Heart of a Monkey is a Swahili fairy tale collected by Edward Steere in `` Swahili Tales '' .	0.793	be collected by	a Swahili fairy tale	Edward Steere
The Heart of a Monkey is a Swahili fairy tale collected by Edward Steere in `` Swahili Tales '' .	0.723	be collected in	a Swahili fairy tale	Swahili Tales
The Heart of a Monkey is a Swahili fairy tale collected by Edward Steere in `` Swahili Tales '' .	0.653	is	The Heart of a Monkey	a Swahili fairy tale
If the cancer occurs in the squamous cells lining the esophagus , it is called a carcinoma .	0.654	is called	it	a carcinoma
If the cancer occurs in the squamous cells lining the esophagus , it is called a carcinoma .	0.216	occurs in	the cancer	the squamous cells lining the esophagus
Judaism gives various answers , and Nistar gives its own reasons and explanations .	0.758	gives	Judaism	various answers
Judaism gives various answers , and Nistar gives its own reasons and explanations .	0.752	gives	Judaism	its own reasons and explanations
Judaism gives various answers , and Nistar gives its own reasons and explanations .	0.741	gives	Nistar	its own reasons and explanations
Judaism gives various answers , and Nistar gives its own reasons and explanations .	0.591	gives	Nistar	various answers
The Brumbies hosted the 2004 Super 12 Final as well , and were to face the Crusaders once again .	0.722	hosted as well	The Brumbies	the 2004 Super 12 Final
The Brumbies hosted the 2004 Super 12 Final as well , and were to face the Crusaders once again .	0.471	were to face once again	The Brumbies	the Crusaders
The Brumbies hosted the 2004 Super 12 Final as well , and were to face the Crusaders once again .	0.394	to face once again	The Brumbies	the Crusaders
The theatrical flourishes and unique gimmicks she used in her stage show went beyond established burlesque routines like the fan dance and balloon dance .	0.936	went beyond	The theatrical flourishes and unique gimmicks she used in her stage show	established burlesque routines
The theatrical flourishes and unique gimmicks she used in her stage show went beyond established burlesque routines like the fan dance and balloon dance .	0.761	used in	she	her stage show
The theatrical flourishes and unique gimmicks she used in her stage show went beyond established burlesque routines like the fan dance and balloon dance .	0.594	be established like	burlesque routines	the fan dance and balloon dance
Many young South African artists made their debut on LM Radio through the numerous road shows which toured the country .	0.9	made their debut on	Many young South African artists	LM Radio
Many young South African artists made their debut on LM Radio through the numerous road shows which toured the country .	0.89	made their debut through	Many young South African artists	the numerous road shows which toured the country
Many young South African artists made their debut on LM Radio through the numerous road shows which toured the country .	0.85	be made through	their debut	the numerous road shows which toured the country
Many young South African artists made their debut on LM Radio through the numerous road shows which toured the country .	0.84	be made on	their debut	LM Radio
Many young South African artists made their debut on LM Radio through the numerous road shows which toured the country .	0.787	made	Many young South African artists	their debut
Because headgear is not required , it is also called `` glasses-free 3D '' or `` glassesless 3D '' .	0.599	is also called	it	glasses-free 3D '' or `` glassesless 3D
Many wildlife parks and zoos breed rare and endangered species as a major part of their activities , and release the progeny when possible into suitable habitat .	0.804	breed rare and endangered species as	Many wildlife parks and zoos	a major part of their activities
Many wildlife parks and zoos breed rare and endangered species as a major part of their activities , and release the progeny when possible into suitable habitat .	0.793	breed	Many wildlife parks and zoos	rare and endangered species
Many wildlife parks and zoos breed rare and endangered species as a major part of their activities , and release the progeny when possible into suitable habitat .	0.59	release	Many wildlife parks and zoos	the progeny
Many wildlife parks and zoos breed rare and endangered species as a major part of their activities , and release the progeny when possible into suitable habitat .	0.284	be part of	major	their activities
When New Tomorrowland opened in 1967 , the space that this ride occupied was turned into the Tomorrowland Stage .	0.909	was turned into	the space that this ride occupied	the Tomorrowland Stage
When New Tomorrowland opened in 1967 , the space that this ride occupied was turned into the Tomorrowland Stage .	0.881	opened in	New Tomorrowland	1967
He was subsequently reprieved for a month , and then again for a week .	0.79	was subsequently reprieved then again for	He	a week
He was subsequently reprieved for a month , and then again for a week .	0.749	was subsequently reprieved then again for	He	a month
It is not really passable , and must be done on foot if attempted .	0.781	must be done on	It	foot
It is not really passable , and must be done on foot if attempted .	0.458	is really must	It	not really passable
The number of pupils attending Catholic-managed schools is 163,371 .	0.716	is	The number of pupils	163,371
The number of pupils attending Catholic-managed schools is 163,371 .	0.528	be The number of	163,371	pupils attending Catholic-managed schools
The defile was very narrow , and could have been easily defended .	0.579	was very could have	The defile	narrow
Antiochus , the son of King Seleucus , is pining away yet he would rather die than name the cause of his disease to his father .	0.627	yet would rather die than	he	name
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .	0.832	was more straight jazz with	The rest of the concert	pictures
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .	0.75	was	The rest of the concert	more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .	0.737	be written by	more straight jazz and mellow sounds	Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .	0.289	be The rest of	more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez	the concert
On the run , she develops a revolutionary new theory of quantum cognition , which she writes down in a little black book .	0.699	develops	she	a revolutionary new theory of quantum cognition
On the run , she develops a revolutionary new theory of quantum cognition , which she writes down in a little black book .	0.648	which writes down in	she	a little black book
On the run , she develops a revolutionary new theory of quantum cognition , which she writes down in a little black book .	0.387	which writes down to	she	a little black book
On the run , she develops a revolutionary new theory of quantum cognition , which she writes down in a little black book .	0.327	develops a revolutionary new theory of quantum cognition , which she writes down in a little black book on	she	the run
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .	0.831	plans to cut	Quotron Systems Inc.	about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .	0.772	to be cut over	about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees	the next several months
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .	0.761	plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over	Quotron Systems Inc.	the next several months
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .	0.721	to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over	Quotron Systems Inc.	the next several months
Males had a median income of $ 36,016 versus $ 32,679 for females .	0.861	had	Males	a median income of $ 36,016
One group of middle - aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo was supposed to check out a trendy restaurant in the city .	0.638	to check out	aged manufacturing men	a trendy restaurant
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .	0.881	agreed to make	Healthcare	monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .	0.844	to make	Healthcare	monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .	0.842	agreed to make mortgage payments to	Healthcare	HealthVest
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .	0.83	agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to	Healthcare	HealthVest
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .	0.789	successfully completes	Healthcare	asset sales
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .	0.742	to make mortgage payments to	Healthcare	HealthVest
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .	0.739	agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million during	Healthcare	the standstill period
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .	0.728	agreed in	Healthcare	addition
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .	0.724	to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to	Healthcare	HealthVest
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .	0.709	to make to be	monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million	HealthVest
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .	0.666	agreed to make mortgage payments during	Healthcare	the standstill period
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .	0.658	to be make during	monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million	the standstill period
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .	0.603	to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million during	Healthcare	the standstill period
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .	0.517	to make mortgage payments during	Healthcare	the standstill period
The school has Church of England traditions , although it accepts girls of all faiths .	0.747	has	The school	Church of England traditions
The school has Church of England traditions , although it accepts girls of all faiths .	0.647	accepts	it	girls of all faiths
However , his body suddenly mutated again after a short time , changing his fur color from grey to black , returning his strength back to previous levels , and losing his healing factor .	0.902	However suddenly mutated again after	his body	a short time
However , his body suddenly mutated again after a short time , changing his fur color from grey to black , returning his strength back to previous levels , and losing his healing factor .	0.889	However suddenly mutated again changing his fur color from	his body	grey
However , his body suddenly mutated again after a short time , changing his fur color from grey to black , returning his strength back to previous levels , and losing his healing factor .	0.843	However suddenly mutated again changing his fur color to	his body	black
However , his body suddenly mutated again after a short time , changing his fur color from grey to black , returning his strength back to previous levels , and losing his healing factor .	0.809	be changing from	his fur color	grey
However , his body suddenly mutated again after a short time , changing his fur color from grey to black , returning his strength back to previous levels , and losing his healing factor .	0.752	However suddenly mutated again changing	his body	his fur color
However , his body suddenly mutated again after a short time , changing his fur color from grey to black , returning his strength back to previous levels , and losing his healing factor .	0.739	be changing to	his fur color	black
However , his body suddenly mutated again after a short time , changing his fur color from grey to black , returning his strength back to previous levels , and losing his healing factor .	0.567	However suddenly mutated again losing	his body	his healing factor
However , his body suddenly mutated again after a short time , changing his fur color from grey to black , returning his strength back to previous levels , and losing his healing factor .	0.509	However suddenly mutated again returning back to previous levels	his body	his strength
On U.S. - Japan relations : `` I 'm encouraged .	0.419	encouraged	I	Japan relations
When the band is not touring , Peter Bywaters offers personal English as a second language tuition on a live-in basis at his home in Brighton .	0.876	offers personal English as	Peter Bywaters	a second language tuition
When the band is not touring , Peter Bywaters offers personal English as a second language tuition on a live-in basis at his home in Brighton .	0.813	offers	Peter Bywaters	personal English
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .	0.85	attach themselves like	Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement	remora
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .	0.807	attach themselves to	Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement	the fringes of the crowd
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .	0.741	use the protest as	Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement	an excuse
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .	0.734	attach	Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement	themselves
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .	0.694	looking for	Petty criminals and street people	excitement
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .	0.658	use	Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement	the protest
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .	0.935	were later denied by	These reports	a high Brazilian official who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .	0.932	was n't involved in	Brazil	any coffee discussions
T. Marshall Hahn Jr. , Georgia - Pacific 's chairman and chief executive , said in an interview that all terms of the offer are negotiable .	0.921	said in	Pacific 's chairman and chief executive	an interview
T. Marshall Hahn Jr. , Georgia - Pacific 's chairman and chief executive , said in an interview that all terms of the offer are negotiable .	0.723	said	Pacific 's chairman and chief executive	an interview
T. Marshall Hahn Jr. , Georgia - Pacific 's chairman and chief executive , said in an interview that all terms of the offer are negotiable .	0.456	be all terms of	negotiable	the offer
T. Marshall Hahn Jr. , Georgia - Pacific 's chairman and chief executive , said in an interview that all terms of the offer are negotiable .	0.287	said to	an interview	Pacific 's chairman and chief executive
His works span a wide range of topics from the occult to natural history , literary criticism , biology , cartography , and iconography .	0.888	span a wide range of topics from	His works	the occult
His works span a wide range of topics from the occult to natural history , literary criticism , biology , cartography , and iconography .	0.854	span	His works	a wide range of topics
Valdano added that `` Maradona offered to the Argentines a way out of their collective frustration , and that 's why people love him .	0.881	offered to	Maradona	the Argentines
Valdano added that `` Maradona offered to the Argentines a way out of their collective frustration , and that 's why people love him .	0.706	love	people	him
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .	0.884	are n't backed by	they	the full faith and credit of the U.S. government
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .	0.636	would support	the government	them
According to Hofmann , while still a teenage coin collector , he forged a rare mint mark on a dime and was told by an organization of coin collectors that it was genuine .	0.855	was told by	he	an organization of coin collectors
According to Hofmann , while still a teenage coin collector , he forged a rare mint mark on a dime and was told by an organization of coin collectors that it was genuine .	0.84	forged a rare mint mark on	he	a dime
According to Hofmann , while still a teenage coin collector , he forged a rare mint mark on a dime and was told by an organization of coin collectors that it was genuine .	0.792	forged	he	a rare mint mark
According to Hofmann , while still a teenage coin collector , he forged a rare mint mark on a dime and was told by an organization of coin collectors that it was genuine .	0.779	be forged on	a rare mint mark	a dime
According to Hofmann , while still a teenage coin collector , he forged a rare mint mark on a dime and was told by an organization of coin collectors that it was genuine .	0.542	was	it	genuine
It was only incidentally that economic issues appeared in nationalist political forms .	0.841	appeared in	economic issues	nationalist political forms
In 1638 he defended John Hampden , along with co-counsel Robert Holborne , on his refusal to pay Ship Money , on which occasion he made a notable speech which established him as a leading advocate .	0.82	established him as	a notable speech	a leading advocate
In 1638 he defended John Hampden , along with co-counsel Robert Holborne , on his refusal to pay Ship Money , on which occasion he made a notable speech which established him as a leading advocate .	0.817	made	his refusal	a notable speech which established him as a leading advocate
In 1638 he defended John Hampden , along with co-counsel Robert Holborne , on his refusal to pay Ship Money , on which occasion he made a notable speech which established him as a leading advocate .	0.761	made	he	a notable speech which established him as a leading advocate
In 1638 he defended John Hampden , along with co-counsel Robert Holborne , on his refusal to pay Ship Money , on which occasion he made a notable speech which established him as a leading advocate .	0.686	be established as	him	a leading advocate
In 1638 he defended John Hampden , along with co-counsel Robert Holborne , on his refusal to pay Ship Money , on which occasion he made a notable speech which established him as a leading advocate .	0.653	defended	he	John Hampden
In 1638 he defended John Hampden , along with co-counsel Robert Holborne , on his refusal to pay Ship Money , on which occasion he made a notable speech which established him as a leading advocate .	0.644	to be pay on	Ship Money	which occasion
In 1638 he defended John Hampden , along with co-counsel Robert Holborne , on his refusal to pay Ship Money , on which occasion he made a notable speech which established him as a leading advocate .	0.601	defended John Hampden , in	he	1638
In 1638 he defended John Hampden , along with co-counsel Robert Holborne , on his refusal to pay Ship Money , on which occasion he made a notable speech which established him as a leading advocate .	0.589	be defended in	John Hampden	1638
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .	0.676	said in	Bankers Trust	Last year
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .	0.664	said	Bankers Trust	it
In a traditional ceremony , Command Sgt. Major Richard L. Ross , holding the division color with battle streamers , passed it to General Frederick M. Franks , Jr. , completing the official retirement of the division , and the 3rd Armored Division was removed from the official force structure of the U.S. Army .	0.946	was removed from	the 3rd Armored Division	the official force structure of the U.S. Army
In a traditional ceremony , Command Sgt. Major Richard L. Ross , holding the division color with battle streamers , passed it to General Frederick M. Franks , Jr. , completing the official retirement of the division , and the 3rd Armored Division was removed from the official force structure of the U.S. Army .	0.765	passed it to	Command Sgt . Major Richard L. Ross	General Frederick M. Franks
In a traditional ceremony , Command Sgt. Major Richard L. Ross , holding the division color with battle streamers , passed it to General Frederick M. Franks , Jr. , completing the official retirement of the division , and the 3rd Armored Division was removed from the official force structure of the U.S. Army .	0.675	be holding with	the division color	battle streamers
In a traditional ceremony , Command Sgt. Major Richard L. Ross , holding the division color with battle streamers , passed it to General Frederick M. Franks , Jr. , completing the official retirement of the division , and the 3rd Armored Division was removed from the official force structure of the U.S. Army .	0.667	be passed to	it	General Frederick M. Franks
In a traditional ceremony , Command Sgt. Major Richard L. Ross , holding the division color with battle streamers , passed it to General Frederick M. Franks , Jr. , completing the official retirement of the division , and the 3rd Armored Division was removed from the official force structure of the U.S. Army .	0.658	passed	Command Sgt . Major Richard L. Ross	it
In a traditional ceremony , Command Sgt. Major Richard L. Ross , holding the division color with battle streamers , passed it to General Frederick M. Franks , Jr. , completing the official retirement of the division , and the 3rd Armored Division was removed from the official force structure of the U.S. Army .	0.563	passed it in	Command Sgt . Major Richard L. Ross	a traditional ceremony
In a traditional ceremony , Command Sgt. Major Richard L. Ross , holding the division color with battle streamers , passed it to General Frederick M. Franks , Jr. , completing the official retirement of the division , and the 3rd Armored Division was removed from the official force structure of the U.S. Army .	0.436	passed it completing	Command Sgt . Major Richard L. Ross	the official retirement of the division
In a traditional ceremony , Command Sgt. Major Richard L. Ross , holding the division color with battle streamers , passed it to General Frederick M. Franks , Jr. , completing the official retirement of the division , and the 3rd Armored Division was removed from the official force structure of the U.S. Army .	0.34	be passed in	it	a traditional ceremony
In a traditional ceremony , Command Sgt. Major Richard L. Ross , holding the division color with battle streamers , passed it to General Frederick M. Franks , Jr. , completing the official retirement of the division , and the 3rd Armored Division was removed from the official force structure of the U.S. Army .	0.27	passed it	Command Sgt . Major Richard L. Ross	a traditional ceremony
Mr. Achenbaum 's move follows the announcement last month that his consulting partner , Stanley Canter , 66 , would retire .	0.667	follows	Mr. Achenbaum 's move	the announcement
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .	0.899	plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with	The Treasury	the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .	0.879	to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with	The Treasury	the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion
The album is named after the discredited pseudoscience of phrenology , the study of head shapes to determine intelligence and character , which was used to rationalize racism during the 19th century in the United States .	0.926	is named after	The album	the discredited pseudoscience of phrenology
The album is named after the discredited pseudoscience of phrenology , the study of head shapes to determine intelligence and character , which was used to rationalize racism during the 19th century in the United States .	0.739	to be rationalize during	racism	the 19th century
He was called to the Irish Bar in 1805 and practised with great success on the home circuit .	0.891	was called to	He	the Irish Bar
He was called to the Irish Bar in 1805 and practised with great success on the home circuit .	0.812	was called in	He	1805
He was called to the Irish Bar in 1805 and practised with great success on the home circuit .	0.775	practised with	He	great success
An `` optical image stabilizer '' , often abbreviated OIS , IS , or OS , is a mechanism used in a still camera or video camera that stabilizes the recorded image by varying the optical path to the sensor .	0.886	be used in	a mechanism	a still camera or video camera that stabilizes the recorded image by varying the optical path to the sensor
An `` optical image stabilizer '' , often abbreviated OIS , IS , or OS , is a mechanism used in a still camera or video camera that stabilizes the recorded image by varying the optical path to the sensor .	0.78	is a mechanism in	OS	a still camera or video camera that stabilizes the recorded image by varying the optical path to the sensor
An `` optical image stabilizer '' , often abbreviated OIS , IS , or OS , is a mechanism used in a still camera or video camera that stabilizes the recorded image by varying the optical path to the sensor .	0.724	be varying to	the optical path	the sensor
An `` optical image stabilizer '' , often abbreviated OIS , IS , or OS , is a mechanism used in a still camera or video camera that stabilizes the recorded image by varying the optical path to the sensor .	0.653	is	OS	a mechanism used in a still camera or video camera
An `` optical image stabilizer '' , often abbreviated OIS , IS , or OS , is a mechanism used in a still camera or video camera that stabilizes the recorded image by varying the optical path to the sensor .	0.62	be stabilizes by	the recorded image	a still camera or video camera
It provided the first free crossing of the Muskingum .	0.792	provided	It	the first free crossing of the Muskingum
Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc. were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant , providing plant workers with local necessities .	0.943	were built in	Apartment buildings	close proximity
Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc. were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant , providing plant workers with local necessities .	0.724	be providing with	plant workers	local necessities
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .	0.597	to be	it	a pleasurable exercise
A casting director at the time told Scott that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before ; he was casting for the `` G.I. Joe '' cartoon .	0.774	told	A casting director	Scott
A casting director at the time told Scott that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before ; he was casting for the `` G.I. Joe '' cartoon .	0.63	was casting for	he	the `` G.I. Joe '' cartoon
A casting director at the time told Scott that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before ; he was casting for the `` G.I. Joe '' cartoon .	0.52	'd met him in	he	a week
The brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its Technology Index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year .	0.846	appreciated only 10.59 % in	its Technology Index	the first nine months of this year
The brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its Technology Index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year .	0.822	be appreciated in	only 10.59 %	the first nine months of this year
The brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its Technology Index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year .	0.77	tracks technology stocks with	The brokerage firm	its Technology Index
The brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its Technology Index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year .	0.768	tracks	The brokerage firm	technology stocks
The term can be applied to any vessel ; turning turtle is less frequent but more dangerous on ships than on smaller boats .	0.9	can be applied to	The term	any vessel
`` The Cure '' topped the online music sales charts .	0.796	topped	The Cure	the online music sales charts
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .	0.679	has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for	Mr. Moon	25 years
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .	0.536	has agreed to keep	Mr. Moon	the profits
Rice allelopathy depends on variety and origin : Japonica rice is more allelopathic than Indica and Japonica-Indica hybrid .	0.837	allelopathy depends on	Rice	variety and origin
Rice allelopathy depends on variety and origin : Japonica rice is more allelopathic than Indica and Japonica-Indica hybrid .	0.722	is	Japonica rice	allelopathic
Rice allelopathy depends on variety and origin : Japonica rice is more allelopathic than Indica and Japonica-Indica hybrid .	0.702	is allelopathic than	Japonica rice	Indica and Japonica-Indica hybrid
When Radio One took over operations later on , there were plans to give WHTA a simulcast on 107.5 as WTHA until the new owners changed its mind instead and launched its adult urban format there as WAMJ .	0.705	to be give WHTA as	a simulcast	WTHA
When Radio One took over operations later on , there were plans to give WHTA a simulcast on 107.5 as WTHA until the new owners changed its mind instead and launched its adult urban format there as WAMJ .	0.625	took over later on	Radio One	operations
When Radio One took over operations later on , there were plans to give WHTA a simulcast on 107.5 as WTHA until the new owners changed its mind instead and launched its adult urban format there as WAMJ .	0.597	launched	the new owners	its adult urban format
When Radio One took over operations later on , there were plans to give WHTA a simulcast on 107.5 as WTHA until the new owners changed its mind instead and launched its adult urban format there as WAMJ .	0.443	changed instead	the new owners	its mind
Hasidus focuses on the most essential reason , that most describes the infinite ability and unknowability of Divine paradox , beyond human grasp , reflected in the description of Nistar for the mystical levels of Judaism .	0.866	focuses on	Hasidus	the most essential reason
Hasidus focuses on the most essential reason , that most describes the infinite ability and unknowability of Divine paradox , beyond human grasp , reflected in the description of Nistar for the mystical levels of Judaism .	0.569	describes	most	the infinite ability and unknowability of Divine paradox
Hasidus focuses on the most essential reason , that most describes the infinite ability and unknowability of Divine paradox , beyond human grasp , reflected in the description of Nistar for the mystical levels of Judaism .	0.546	describes the infinite ability beyond	most	human grasp
Hasidus focuses on the most essential reason , that most describes the infinite ability and unknowability of Divine paradox , beyond human grasp , reflected in the description of Nistar for the mystical levels of Judaism .	0.454	describes unknowability of Divine paradox beyond	most	human grasp
In Marvel Noir , Felicia Hardy is the owner of `` The Black Cat '' , a speakeasy that caters to the most powerful and corrupt in New York City .	0.916	is the owner of	Felicia Hardy	The Black Cat
In Marvel Noir , Felicia Hardy is the owner of `` The Black Cat '' , a speakeasy that caters to the most powerful and corrupt in New York City .	0.748	is the owner of `` The Black Cat in	Felicia Hardy	Marvel Noir
In Marvel Noir , Felicia Hardy is the owner of `` The Black Cat '' , a speakeasy that caters to the most powerful and corrupt in New York City .	0.742	is	Felicia Hardy	the owner of `` The Black Cat
In Marvel Noir , Felicia Hardy is the owner of `` The Black Cat '' , a speakeasy that caters to the most powerful and corrupt in New York City .	0.698	is the owner of	The Black Cat	a speakeasy that caters to the most powerful and corrupt in New York City
The opening credits sequence for the collection was directed by Hanada Daizaburo .	0.823	credits sequence for	The opening	the collection
The opening credits sequence for the collection was directed by Hanada Daizaburo .	0.807	credits	The opening	sequence
The 10.48 % yield represents a spread to the 20 - year Treasury of 2.45 percentage points .	0.807	represents	The 10.48 % yield	a spread
Alexander supposedly said after this incident that he had never been so lucky in his entire career .	0.92	supposedly said after	Alexander	this incident
Alexander supposedly said after this incident that he had never been so lucky in his entire career .	0.581	had never been so lucky in	he	his entire career
Tom McMorran joined the band in 1994 after Mark Portmann left and in August of that year the band released `` Sahara '' .	0.92	joined the band in	Tom McMorran	1994
Tom McMorran joined the band in 1994 after Mark Portmann left and in August of that year the band released `` Sahara '' .	0.85	joined	Tom McMorran	the band
Tom McMorran joined the band in 1994 after Mark Portmann left and in August of that year the band released `` Sahara '' .	0.848	joined the band after	Tom McMorran	Mark Portmann
Tom McMorran joined the band in 1994 after Mark Portmann left and in August of that year the band released `` Sahara '' .	0.804	be joined in	the band	1994
Tom McMorran joined the band in 1994 after Mark Portmann left and in August of that year the band released `` Sahara '' .	0.72	joined the band	Tom McMorran	1994
Tom McMorran joined the band in 1994 after Mark Portmann left and in August of that year the band released `` Sahara '' .	0.707	be joined after	the band	Mark Portmann
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''	0.73	get	they	home
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''	0.497	helps	It	us
Some 1,191 Lebanese and 160 Israelis were killed in the conflict .	0.914	were killed in	Some 1,191 Lebanese and 160 Israelis	the conflict
In 1987 , Rodan became president of the American Society for Bone and Mineral Research .	0.941	became president of	Rodan	the American Society
In 1987 , Rodan became president of the American Society for Bone and Mineral Research .	0.845	became	Rodan	president of the American Society
In 1987 , Rodan became president of the American Society for Bone and Mineral Research .	0.764	became president of the American Society in	Rodan	1987
In 1987 , Rodan became president of the American Society for Bone and Mineral Research .	0.429	became president of the American Society of	Rodan	1987
The flywheel effect is the continuation of oscillations in an oscillator circuit after the control stimulus has been removed .	0.939	is the continuation of	The flywheel effect	oscillations
The flywheel effect is the continuation of oscillations in an oscillator circuit after the control stimulus has been removed .	0.927	is the continuation of oscillations in	The flywheel effect	an oscillator circuit
The flywheel effect is the continuation of oscillations in an oscillator circuit after the control stimulus has been removed .	0.87	is the continuation of oscillations after	The flywheel effect	the control stimulus
The flywheel effect is the continuation of oscillations in an oscillator circuit after the control stimulus has been removed .	0.804	is	The flywheel effect	the continuation of oscillations
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .	0.77	account for	called mountain bikes	two
He finally returned to the top spot with `` Turning Point '' in 1975 .	0.866	finally returned to	He	the top spot
He finally returned to the top spot with `` Turning Point '' in 1975 .	0.759	finally returned with	He	Turning Point
He finally returned to the top spot with `` Turning Point '' in 1975 .	0.686	finally returned in	He	1975
The car used in `` Stealth '' was a band member 's car , and recorded just outside the studio in the parking lot .	0.804	recorded outside	The car	the studio
The car used in `` Stealth '' was a band member 's car , and recorded just outside the studio in the parking lot .	0.778	used	The car	a band member 's car
The car used in `` Stealth '' was a band member 's car , and recorded just outside the studio in the parking lot .	0.767	used was a band member 's car in	The car	Stealth
The car used in `` Stealth '' was a band member 's car , and recorded just outside the studio in the parking lot .	0.541	be used in	a band member 's car	Stealth
In its first six months , RCPO concluded 858 cases convictions in 88 % of cases .	0.704	concluded	RCPO	858 cases convictions
In its first six months , RCPO concluded 858 cases convictions in 88 % of cases .	0.484	be concluded in	858 cases convictions	its first six months
In its first six months , RCPO concluded 858 cases convictions in 88 % of cases .	0.478	concluded 858 cases convictions in 88 % of cases in	RCPO	its first six months
In 1984 , KOMO became the first television station to broadcast daily programming in full stereo sound .	0.844	became	KOMO	the first television station to broadcast daily programming in full stereo sound
In 1984 , KOMO became the first television station to broadcast daily programming in full stereo sound .	0.764	became the first television station in	KOMO	1984
In 1984 , KOMO became the first television station to broadcast daily programming in full stereo sound .	0.708	to be broadcast in	daily programming	full stereo sound
The Shi'a praise Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr for his devotion to ` Ali and his resistance to all the other caliphs who the Shi'a believe to be usurpers .	0.513	his devotion to to be	his resistance	Ali
The Shi'a praise Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr for his devotion to ` Ali and his resistance to all the other caliphs who the Shi'a believe to be usurpers .	0.415	his devotion to to be	the other caliphs	Ali
The Shi'a praise Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr for his devotion to ` Ali and his resistance to all the other caliphs who the Shi'a believe to be usurpers .	0.307	his devotion to to be	the Shi'a	Ali
Centuries later , in 1806 , during the Napoleonic era , was built the Canal de l'Ourcq , destined to the inland navigation when the Marne river is not navigable because of temporary sandbanks .	0.878	is not navigable because of	the Marne river	temporary sandbanks
Centuries later , in 1806 , during the Napoleonic era , was built the Canal de l'Ourcq , destined to the inland navigation when the Marne river is not navigable because of temporary sandbanks .	0.793	be destined to	the Canal de l'Ourcq	the inland navigation
Centuries later , in 1806 , during the Napoleonic era , was built the Canal de l'Ourcq , destined to the inland navigation when the Marne river is not navigable because of temporary sandbanks .	0.767	is	the Marne river	not navigable
These objects are thrown away if their screen projection is too small .	0.183	is too	their screen projection	small
As a result , the lower river had to be dredged three times in two years .	0.708	had as	the lower river	a result
In 1907 the publication of the poem , along with the others contained in `` Songs of a Sourdough '' , made Service famous and McGee the subject of ridicule .	0.917	contained in	the publication of the poem	Songs of a Sourdough
In 1907 the publication of the poem , along with the others contained in `` Songs of a Sourdough '' , made Service famous and McGee the subject of ridicule .	0.798	contained in	the publication of the poem	1907
The drop marked the largest monthly tumble since a 19 % slide in January 1982 .	0.837	marked	The drop	the largest monthly tumble
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .	0.842	dropped 0.2 % in	its industrial - product price index	September
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .	0.808	dropped	its industrial - product price index	0.2 %
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .	0.707	be dropped in	0.2 %	September
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .	0.612	Separately reported	Statistics Canada	its industrial - product price index
It operates the Helsinki metro , Helsinki tram and ferry boat traffic .	0.691	operates	It	the Helsinki metro , Helsinki tram and ferry boat traffic
At Vitoria and in Wellington 's invasion of southern France , Hill corps usually consisted of William Stewart 's 2nd Division , the Portuguese Division and Pablo Morillo 's Spanish Division .	0.905	usually consisted of	Hill corps	William Stewart 's 2nd Division , the Portuguese Division and Pablo Morillo 's Spanish Division
At Vitoria and in Wellington 's invasion of southern France , Hill corps usually consisted of William Stewart 's 2nd Division , the Portuguese Division and Pablo Morillo 's Spanish Division .	0.761	usually consisted at	Hill corps	Vitoria and in Wellington 's invasion of southern France
At Vitoria and in Wellington 's invasion of southern France , Hill corps usually consisted of William Stewart 's 2nd Division , the Portuguese Division and Pablo Morillo 's Spanish Division .	0.761	usually consisted in	Hill corps	Vitoria and in Wellington 's invasion of southern France
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .	0.792	also saw	he	evidence
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .	0.788	be official of	Richard Newsom	California state
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .	0.505	said	Richard Newsom	he
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .	0.376	be parent of	American Continental Corp.	Lincoln
The city was founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880 , and originally named Nordland , with the platted streets given Norwegian names .	0.925	was founded by	The city	the Western Town Lot Company
The city was founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880 , and originally named Nordland , with the platted streets given Norwegian names .	0.874	was founded in	The city	1880
The city was founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880 , and originally named Nordland , with the platted streets given Norwegian names .	0.778	be originally named with	The city	the platted streets
Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .	0.873	was held in	a youth tournament	Moscow
Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .	0.843	would not return to	Overseas teams	Russia
Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .	0.767	would not return until	Overseas teams	1998
Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .	0.487	was held at	a youth tournament	Moscow
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .	0.475	might have scared off	it	us
Therefore , high levels of knowledge and interest contribute to high levels of personal importance and affect , as well as high frequency of rehearsal .	0.799	Therefore contribute high frequency of rehearsal to	high levels of knowledge	high levels of personal importance
Therefore , high levels of knowledge and interest contribute to high levels of personal importance and affect , as well as high frequency of rehearsal .	0.63	Therefore contribute	high levels of knowledge	high frequency of rehearsal
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .	0.844	To be get as	the Khmer Rouge	part of a process
She was ordered to be rebuilt on 9 March 1724 , and was taken in hand at Deptford Dockyard by Master Shipwright Richard Stacey .	0.801	was taken in	She	hand
She was ordered to be rebuilt on 9 March 1724 , and was taken in hand at Deptford Dockyard by Master Shipwright Richard Stacey .	0.746	was taken at	She	Deptford Dockyard
She was ordered to be rebuilt on 9 March 1724 , and was taken in hand at Deptford Dockyard by Master Shipwright Richard Stacey .	0.716	was taken by	She	Master Shipwright Richard Stacey
When news of negotiations between the U.S. and North Koreans at Panmunjom became public on 6 February , the Park Administration accused the U.S. of a policy of appeasement .	0.849	be accused of	the U.S.	a policy of appeasement
When news of negotiations between the U.S. and North Koreans at Panmunjom became public on 6 February , the Park Administration accused the U.S. of a policy of appeasement .	0.78	became	news of negotiations	public
When news of negotiations between the U.S. and North Koreans at Panmunjom became public on 6 February , the Park Administration accused the U.S. of a policy of appeasement .	0.776	became public on	news of negotiations	6 February
When news of negotiations between the U.S. and North Koreans at Panmunjom became public on 6 February , the Park Administration accused the U.S. of a policy of appeasement .	0.494	be news of	public	negotiations
This week , New York City announced a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers .	0.88	announced	New York City	a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers
This week , New York City announced a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers .	0.861	be patterned on	a 10 - point policy	the federal bill of rights
This week , New York City announced a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers .	0.507	announced a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers in	New York City	This week
A motorcycle speedway long-track meeting , one of the few held in the UK , was staged at Ammanford .	0.826	was staged at	A motorcycle speedway long-track meeting	Ammanford
A motorcycle speedway long-track meeting , one of the few held in the UK , was staged at Ammanford .	0.693	be held in	the few	the UK
Following his death , a statue of Sir Arthur was erected behind the National Archives of Canada , overlooking the Ottawa River This is one of only two statues of civil servants erected in Ottawa , both during MacKenzie King 's tenure as Prime Minister .	0.933	was erected behind	a statue of Sir Arthur	the National Archives of Canada
Following his death , a statue of Sir Arthur was erected behind the National Archives of Canada , overlooking the Ottawa River This is one of only two statues of civil servants erected in Ottawa , both during MacKenzie King 's tenure as Prime Minister .	0.736	was erected following	a statue of Sir Arthur	his death
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .	0.854	had	Chugai	net income of $ 60 million
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .	0.568	had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million in	Chugai	1988
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .	0.565	be had in	net income of $ 60 million	1988
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .	0.274	had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million	Chugai	1988
It is currently utilized by Medaille College 's men and women 's soccer teams along with its men 's and women 's lacrosse teams .	0.891	is currently utilized by	It	Medaille College 's men and women 's soccer teams
He was awarded the Queen 's Police Medal in the 1957 New Year Honours .	0.875	was awarded the Queen 's Police Medal in	He	the 1957 New Year Honours
He was awarded the Queen 's Police Medal in the 1957 New Year Honours .	0.7	was awarded	He	the Queen 's Police Medal
The campaign , a patriotic celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights , does n't mention cigarettes or smoking ; cigarette ads have been prohibited on television since 1971 .	0.94	have been prohibited on	cigarette ads	television
The campaign , a patriotic celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights , does n't mention cigarettes or smoking ; cigarette ads have been prohibited on television since 1971 .	0.913	have been prohibited since	cigarette ads	1971
The campaign , a patriotic celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights , does n't mention cigarettes or smoking ; cigarette ads have been prohibited on television since 1971 .	0.713	be a patriotic celebration of	The campaign	the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights
The campaign , a patriotic celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights , does n't mention cigarettes or smoking ; cigarette ads have been prohibited on television since 1971 .	0.582	does n't mention	The campaign	cigarettes or smoking
Having returned to the Second Division at the first attempt , they gained promotion to the First Division in 1974 .	0.945	gained promotion to	they	the First Division
Having returned to the Second Division at the first attempt , they gained promotion to the First Division in 1974 .	0.92	gained promotion in	they	1974
Having returned to the Second Division at the first attempt , they gained promotion to the First Division in 1974 .	0.895	gained	they	promotion
Having returned to the Second Division at the first attempt , they gained promotion to the First Division in 1974 .	0.83	be gained to	promotion	the First Division
Having returned to the Second Division at the first attempt , they gained promotion to the First Division in 1974 .	0.817	be gained in	promotion	1974
Also , starting with `` Madden NFL 2004 '' , EA Sports created the new `` Playmaker '' tool , using the right analog joystick found on each of the adjustments previously unavailable in prior installments of the franchise .	0.797	created	Madden NFL 2004	the new `` Playmaker '' tool
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	0.841	rose slightly equivalent yield of 8.04 % to	month Treasury bills	7.79 %
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	0.833	rose slightly equivalent yield of 8.04 % at	month Treasury bills	Monday 's auction
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	0.744	rose slightly	month Treasury bills	equivalent yield of 8.04 %
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	0.727	rose slightly equivalent yield of 8.04 % from	month Treasury bills	the average rate
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	0.667	be rose slightly to	equivalent yield of 8.04 %	7.79 %
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	0.653	be rose slightly at	equivalent yield of 8.04 %	Monday 's auction
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	0.644	rose slightly equivalent yield of 8.04 % for	month Treasury bills	a bond
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	0.502	be rose slightly from	equivalent yield of 8.04 %	the average rate
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	0.407	be rose slightly for	equivalent yield of 8.04 %	a bond
`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .	0.768	be dump through	acquired assets	fire sales
`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .	0.53	may have to slow {	the RTC	S&L sales }
`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .	0.5	to slow {	the RTC	S&L sales }
Examples include the blind 18th-century composer John Stanley and the 20th-century songwriters Lionel Bart , Irving Berlin and Paul McCartney .	0.723	include	Examples	the blind 18th-century composer John Stanley and the 20th-century songwriters
G-7 consists of the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy .	0.776	consists of	G-7	the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .	0.472	be a unit of	Backer Spielvogel	Saatchi
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .	0.236	is move for	shrewd	Backer Spielvogel
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .	0.874	is a federal law enforcement organization within	The Bureau of Alcohol	the United States Department of Justice
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .	0.745	be formed in	The Bureau of Alcohol	1886
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .	0.573	is	The Bureau of Alcohol	a federal law enforcement organization
In 2004 the Brumbies finished at the top of the Super 12 table , six points clear of the next best team .	0.845	finished	the Brumbies	six points clear of the next best team
In 2004 the Brumbies finished at the top of the Super 12 table , six points clear of the next best team .	0.825	finished six points clear of the next best team at	the Brumbies	the top of the Super 12 table
In 2004 the Brumbies finished at the top of the Super 12 table , six points clear of the next best team .	0.655	be finished at	six points clear of the next best team	the top of the Super 12 table
In 2004 the Brumbies finished at the top of the Super 12 table , six points clear of the next best team .	0.612	finished six points clear of the next best team in	the Brumbies	2004
In 2004 the Brumbies finished at the top of the Super 12 table , six points clear of the next best team .	0.565	be finished in	six points clear of the next best team	2004
The new hybrid system is being designed as a scalable and modular system that could be applied across a variety of Land Rover models and powertrains .	0.889	is being designed as	The new hybrid system	a scalable and modular system that could be applied across a variety of Land Rover models and powertrains
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .	0.884	ended at	Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due	95.11
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .	0.884	ended on	Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due	brokers screens
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .	0.752	to yield	Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due	5.43 %
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .	0.69	ended to yield	Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due	5.43 %
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .	0.636	ended in	Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due	brokers screens
Unsure of who he is , Zero helps the band of Reploids , who in turn marvel at his skills .	0.725	helps	Unsure	the band of Reploids
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .	0.896	are a vital part of	such measurements	any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .	0.761	seems to	It	me
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .	0.701	be posed by	the threat	CFCs
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .	0.578	are part of	vital	any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat
On April 6 , 2006 , in his first fight after winning `` The Ultimate Fighter 2 '' , he was upset by Josh Neer at Ultimate Fight Night 4 , losing the fight by unanimous decision .	0.899	was upset by	he	Josh Neer
On April 6 , 2006 , in his first fight after winning `` The Ultimate Fighter 2 '' , he was upset by Josh Neer at Ultimate Fight Night 4 , losing the fight by unanimous decision .	0.838	was upset at	he	Ultimate Fight Night 4
On April 6 , 2006 , in his first fight after winning `` The Ultimate Fighter 2 '' , he was upset by Josh Neer at Ultimate Fight Night 4 , losing the fight by unanimous decision .	0.73	was upset in	he	his first fight
On April 6 , 2006 , in his first fight after winning `` The Ultimate Fighter 2 '' , he was upset by Josh Neer at Ultimate Fight Night 4 , losing the fight by unanimous decision .	0.724	be losing by	the fight	unanimous decision
On April 6 , 2006 , in his first fight after winning `` The Ultimate Fighter 2 '' , he was upset by Josh Neer at Ultimate Fight Night 4 , losing the fight by unanimous decision .	0.547	was upset on	he	April 6
A half - dozen Soviet space officials , in Tokyo in July for an exhibit , stopped by to see their counterparts at the National Space Development Agency of Japan .	0.806	be dozen Soviet space officials in	A half	July
A half - dozen Soviet space officials , in Tokyo in July for an exhibit , stopped by to see their counterparts at the National Space Development Agency of Japan .	0.806	be dozen Soviet space officials in	A half	Tokyo
A half - dozen Soviet space officials , in Tokyo in July for an exhibit , stopped by to see their counterparts at the National Space Development Agency of Japan .	0.766	be dozen Soviet space officials for	A half	an exhibit
The mouse is around nine inches long , and can jump in bounds of four feet when threatened .	0.855	can jump in	The mouse	bounds of four feet
The mouse is around nine inches long , and can jump in bounds of four feet when threatened .	0.64	is long can	The mouse	around nine inches
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .	0.945	was offered at	Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle	a bargain price of $ 25,000
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .	0.906	was offered with	Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle	a phony story
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .	0.745	belonged to	it	his wife 's late aunt
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .	0.211	be his wife 's late aunt in	New Canaan	Conn
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .	0.839	to block	the agency	the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .	0.769	be put under	the airline	foreign control
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .	0.145	threatened	the purchase	safety
He reminded them that they had pressed for the Arbitration and had forced him to appoint Abu Musa al-Ash ` ari as his representative , having rejected Ali 's nominees , ibn Abbas and Malik al-Ashtar .	0.752	reminded	He	them
He reminded them that they had pressed for the Arbitration and had forced him to appoint Abu Musa al-Ash ` ari as his representative , having rejected Ali 's nominees , ibn Abbas and Malik al-Ashtar .	0.722	be ari as	Abu Musa	his representative
He reminded them that they had pressed for the Arbitration and had forced him to appoint Abu Musa al-Ash ` ari as his representative , having rejected Ali 's nominees , ibn Abbas and Malik al-Ashtar .	0.685	had pressed had for	they	the Arbitration
To keep the family together , Michael asks his self-centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael .	0.891	to live together in	her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby	the Bluth model home
To keep the family together , Michael asks his self-centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael .	0.642	asks	Michael	his self-centered twin sister
The Interdepartmental Program for Film Studies has been organizing the Massachusetts Multicultural Film Festival on campus since 1991 .	0.761	has been organizing the Massachusetts Multicultural Film Festival on	The Interdepartmental Program	campus
The Interdepartmental Program for Film Studies has been organizing the Massachusetts Multicultural Film Festival on campus since 1991 .	0.694	has been organizing on	the Massachusetts Multicultural Film Festival	campus
The Interdepartmental Program for Film Studies has been organizing the Massachusetts Multicultural Film Festival on campus since 1991 .	0.68	has been organizing the Massachusetts Multicultural Film Festival since	The Interdepartmental Program	1991
The Interdepartmental Program for Film Studies has been organizing the Massachusetts Multicultural Film Festival on campus since 1991 .	0.678	has been organizing	The Interdepartmental Program	the Massachusetts Multicultural Film Festival
The Interdepartmental Program for Film Studies has been organizing the Massachusetts Multicultural Film Festival on campus since 1991 .	0.661	has been organizing since	the Massachusetts Multicultural Film Festival	1991
The circular portion of the entrance is an intermingling of Ajanta style with Hindu architecture and within it , placing the emblem of the Order is representation of beauty and solemnity .	0.949	is an intermingling of	The circular portion of the entrance	Ajanta style
The circular portion of the entrance is an intermingling of Ajanta style with Hindu architecture and within it , placing the emblem of the Order is representation of beauty and solemnity .	0.838	is	The circular portion of the entrance	an intermingling of Ajanta style
The circular portion of the entrance is an intermingling of Ajanta style with Hindu architecture and within it , placing the emblem of the Order is representation of beauty and solemnity .	0.81	is an intermingling of	representation of beauty	Ajanta style
The circular portion of the entrance is an intermingling of Ajanta style with Hindu architecture and within it , placing the emblem of the Order is representation of beauty and solemnity .	0.608	is within	The circular portion of the entrance	it
The circular portion of the entrance is an intermingling of Ajanta style with Hindu architecture and within it , placing the emblem of the Order is representation of beauty and solemnity .	0.586	is within	representation of beauty	it
The circular portion of the entrance is an intermingling of Ajanta style with Hindu architecture and within it , placing the emblem of the Order is representation of beauty and solemnity .	0.55	be The circular portion of	an intermingling of Ajanta style	the entrance
The circular portion of the entrance is an intermingling of Ajanta style with Hindu architecture and within it , placing the emblem of the Order is representation of beauty and solemnity .	0.545	is	representation of beauty	an intermingling of Ajanta style
The circular portion of the entrance is an intermingling of Ajanta style with Hindu architecture and within it , placing the emblem of the Order is representation of beauty and solemnity .	0.522	be representation of	an intermingling of Ajanta style	beauty and solemnity
Most of the proposals are in tourism , basic industry and fishery and agro - industry projects , he said .	0.794	are in	Most of the proposals	tourism , basic industry and fishery and agro
On 5 February 1344 at Ditton Church , Stoke Poges , Buckinghamshire , she married Richard FitzAlan , 10th Earl of Arundel .	0.652	married	she	Richard FitzAlan
An `` Dangaioh '' adventure game was released for the PC-8801 in Japan in April 1990 .	0.929	was released for	An `` Dangaioh '' adventure game	the PC-8801
An `` Dangaioh '' adventure game was released for the PC-8801 in Japan in April 1990 .	0.892	was released in	An `` Dangaioh '' adventure game	April 1990
An `` Dangaioh '' adventure game was released for the PC-8801 in Japan in April 1990 .	0.594	was released on	An `` Dangaioh '' adventure game	April 1990
In 1973 , shortly after the birth of her first child , she starred in a one-off eponymous 50-minute `` special '' programme with guest star Stefan Grapelli .	0.859	starred in	she	a one-off eponymous 50-minute `` special '' programme
In 1973 , shortly after the birth of her first child , she starred in a one-off eponymous 50-minute `` special '' programme with guest star Stefan Grapelli .	0.617	starred after	she	the birth of her first child
In 1973 , shortly after the birth of her first child , she starred in a one-off eponymous 50-minute `` special '' programme with guest star Stefan Grapelli .	0.494	starred in	she	1973
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .	0.711	did n't take a rocket scientist to change	it	a road bike
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .	0.711	did n't take	it	a rocket scientist
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .	0.685	to change	it	a road bike
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .	0.658	to be change into	a road bike	a mountain bike
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .	0.632	previously made	Trek	only traditional road bikes
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .	0.549	did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into	it	a mountain bike
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .	0.421	says in	Trek	Trek 's president
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .	0.318	be president of	Dick Burke	Trek
`` It started from modest beginnings and became a gigantic charity '' .	0.806	started from	It	modest beginnings
`` It started from modest beginnings and became a gigantic charity '' .	0.6	became	It	a gigantic charity
As his army approached Mount Taurus , they found only one route through which to pass , which was a narrow defile called `` The Gates '' .	0.725	approached	his army	Mount Taurus
`` The Note '' often employs jargon that may be incomprehensible to outsiders .	0.845	often employs	The Note	jargon that may be incomprehensible to outsiders
However , StatesWest is n't abandoning its pursuit of the much - larger Mesa .	0.625	However is n't abandoning	StatesWest	its pursuit of the much - larger Mesa
Each company 's share of liability would be based on their share of the national DES market .	0.919	would be based on	Each company 's share of liability	their share of the national DES market
With this in mind , it would be fair to assert that actions concerning the economy were not considered functions of the government before 1914 .	0.833	were not considered functions of the government before	actions concerning the economy	1914
With this in mind , it would be fair to assert that actions concerning the economy were not considered functions of the government before 1914 .	0.697	were not considered	actions concerning the economy	functions of the government
With this in mind , it would be fair to assert that actions concerning the economy were not considered functions of the government before 1914 .	0.685	would be	it	fair
With this in mind , it would be fair to assert that actions concerning the economy were not considered functions of the government before 1914 .	0.484	be functions of	actions concerning the economy	the government
A cooling center is a temporary air-conditioned public space set up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave .	0.817	be set up by	a temporary air-conditioned public space	local authorities
A cooling center is a temporary air-conditioned public space set up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave .	0.814	is a temporary air-conditioned public space by	A cooling center	local authorities
A cooling center is a temporary air-conditioned public space set up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave .	0.802	is	A cooling center	a temporary air-conditioned public space set up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .	0.689	deter	Armstrong	the Belzbergs
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .	0.63	reassure	Armstrong	its investors
When the explosion tore through the hut , Stauffenberg was convinced that no one in the room could have survived .	0.834	tore through	the explosion	the hut
The debt ceiling is scheduled to fall to $ 2.8 trillion from $ 2.87 trillion at midnight tonight .	0.747	to fall at	The debt ceiling	midnight
Gail Collins , at the time editor of `` The New York Times '' editorial page , called Michael Brown `` legendary as a disaster in his own right '' , and on Thanksgiving week in 2005 , Brown was No. 1 on CNN 's `` Political Turkey of the Year '' list for his handling of Katrina .	0.902	was No. 1 on	Gail Collins	CNN 's `` Political Turkey of the Year '' list
Gail Collins , at the time editor of `` The New York Times '' editorial page , called Michael Brown `` legendary as a disaster in his own right '' , and on Thanksgiving week in 2005 , Brown was No. 1 on CNN 's `` Political Turkey of the Year '' list for his handling of Katrina .	0.829	was No. 1 for	Gail Collins	his handling of Katrina
Gail Collins , at the time editor of `` The New York Times '' editorial page , called Michael Brown `` legendary as a disaster in his own right '' , and on Thanksgiving week in 2005 , Brown was No. 1 on CNN 's `` Political Turkey of the Year '' list for his handling of Katrina .	0.614	was	Gail Collins	No. 1
Gail Collins , at the time editor of `` The New York Times '' editorial page , called Michael Brown `` legendary as a disaster in his own right '' , and on Thanksgiving week in 2005 , Brown was No. 1 on CNN 's `` Political Turkey of the Year '' list for his handling of Katrina .	0.396	be Gail Collins at	Brown	the time editor of `` The New York Times '' editorial page , called Michael Brown `` legendary as a disaster in his own right '' , and on Thanksgiving week
Gail Collins , at the time editor of `` The New York Times '' editorial page , called Michael Brown `` legendary as a disaster in his own right '' , and on Thanksgiving week in 2005 , Brown was No. 1 on CNN 's `` Political Turkey of the Year '' list for his handling of Katrina .	0.396	be Gail Collins on	Brown	the time editor of `` The New York Times '' editorial page , called Michael Brown `` legendary as a disaster in his own right '' , and on Thanksgiving week
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .	0.827	could put companies in	IRS regulations	violation of the tax code
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .	0.797	could be put in	companies	violation of the tax code
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .	0.699	could put	IRS regulations	companies
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .	0.475	be available to	them	other former workers who usually earned less
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .	0.17	make	they	loans
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .	0.122	make loans to retiree	they	shareholders and directors
There were 408 households out of which 29.7 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 65.9 % were married couples living together , 4.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 26.2 % were non-families .	0.932	had children under	29.7 %	the age of 18 living
There were 408 households out of which 29.7 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 65.9 % were married couples living together , 4.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 26.2 % were non-families .	0.851	be had under	children	the age of 18 living
There were 408 households out of which 29.7 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 65.9 % were married couples living together , 4.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 26.2 % were non-families .	0.793	had	29.7 %	children
There were 408 households out of which 29.7 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 65.9 % were married couples living together , 4.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 26.2 % were non-families .	0.782	had	couples living together	a female householder
There were 408 households out of which 29.7 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 65.9 % were married couples living together , 4.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 26.2 % were non-families .	0.753	were	26.2 %	non-families
There were 408 households out of which 29.7 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 65.9 % were married couples living together , 4.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 26.2 % were non-families .	0.656	were	no husband	non-families
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .	0.92	are held annually including	Some 30 balloon shows	the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .	0.914	are held annually in	Some 30 balloon shows	the U.S.
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .	0.606	be attracts by	some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom	day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .	0.595	are held annually at	Some 30 balloon shows	the U.S.
The literacy rate has increased in recent years : according to the 1994 census , the literacy rate in Ethiopia was 23.4 % , while it was 39 % according to 2007 estimates .	0.796	has increased in	The literacy rate	recent years
The literacy rate has increased in recent years : according to the 1994 census , the literacy rate in Ethiopia was 23.4 % , while it was 39 % according to 2007 estimates .	0.656	was	the literacy rate	23.4 %
The literacy rate has increased in recent years : according to the 1994 census , the literacy rate in Ethiopia was 23.4 % , while it was 39 % according to 2007 estimates .	0.425	was	it	39 %
The literacy rate has increased in recent years : according to the 1994 census , the literacy rate in Ethiopia was 23.4 % , while it was 39 % according to 2007 estimates .	0.319	be the literacy rate in	23.4 %	Ethiopia
He toured extensively throughout the world , and earned the marketing nickname `` the Pavarotti of the Organ '' .	0.815	toured extensively throughout	He	the world
He toured extensively throughout the world , and earned the marketing nickname `` the Pavarotti of the Organ '' .	0.685	earned	He	the marketing nickname
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .	0.868	be clipped from	copies of her recipes	magazines
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .	0.85	be clipped over	copies of her recipes	the years
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .	0.795	have sent Ms. Shere	sympathetic fans	copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years
`` I Pity the Fool '' was written by Joe Medwick and became Bland 's second number-one hit on the R&B chart .	0.888	hit on	Bland 's second number-one	the R&B chart
`` I Pity the Fool '' was written by Joe Medwick and became Bland 's second number-one hit on the R&B chart .	0.828	was written by	I	Joe Medwick
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .	0.848	chain themselves in	several members of the studio audience	front of the TV cameras
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .	0.8	chain themselves in	several members of the studio audience	such a way
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .	0.66	chain	several members of the studio audience	themselves
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .	0.651	chain themselves in	several members of the studio audience	a planned protest
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .	0.292	be members of	several	the studio audience
Hob Gadling , also known as Robert , Robbie , or Bobby , is a fictional character from the `` Sandman '' comic book series by Neil Gaiman .	0.907	be also known as	Hob Gadling	Robert , Robbie , or Bobby
Seifert suggested a quarterback draw , which Beuerlein initially did n't believe and literally had backup QB Steve Bono laughing .	0.849	suggested	Seifert	a quarterback draw which Beuerlein initially did n't believe and literally had backup QB Steve Bono laughing
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	0.764	is as	capita consumption	n't as high
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	0.699	holds	Fraser	the Coke licenses
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	0.686	holds	Neave	the Coke licenses
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	0.672	be also has by	interests	Fraser
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .	0.915	will be officially repealed before	the tax	the end of the current parliamentary term
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .	0.851	will be officially repealed at	the tax	the end of 1990
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .	0.132	even loses the elections in	the current center	December 1990
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .	0.103	even loses	the current center	the elections
Explanations range from `` it is in the nature of the good to do good '' , to Creation being a process of God knowing Himself , each answer reflecting a different aspect of Divinity .	0.848	is in	it	the nature of the good
Explanations range from `` it is in the nature of the good to do good '' , to Creation being a process of God knowing Himself , each answer reflecting a different aspect of Divinity .	0.674	is in	each answer reflecting a different aspect of Divinity	the nature of the good
Explanations range from `` it is in the nature of the good to do good '' , to Creation being a process of God knowing Himself , each answer reflecting a different aspect of Divinity .	0.555	is to do good ''	it	a process of God
Explanations range from `` it is in the nature of the good to do good '' , to Creation being a process of God knowing Himself , each answer reflecting a different aspect of Divinity .	0.48	is to do good ''	each answer reflecting a different aspect of Divinity	a process of God
Explanations range from `` it is in the nature of the good to do good '' , to Creation being a process of God knowing Himself , each answer reflecting a different aspect of Divinity .	0.448	to do good '' to be	a process of God	Creation
Explanations range from `` it is in the nature of the good to do good '' , to Creation being a process of God knowing Himself , each answer reflecting a different aspect of Divinity .	0.281	is to do good '' being a process of God knowing Himself to	it	Creation
Explanations range from `` it is in the nature of the good to do good '' , to Creation being a process of God knowing Himself , each answer reflecting a different aspect of Divinity .	0.241	to do good '' being a process of God knowing Himself to	it	Creation
Explanations range from `` it is in the nature of the good to do good '' , to Creation being a process of God knowing Himself , each answer reflecting a different aspect of Divinity .	0.224	is to do good '' being a process of God knowing Himself to	each answer reflecting a different aspect of Divinity	Creation
Explanations range from `` it is in the nature of the good to do good '' , to Creation being a process of God knowing Himself , each answer reflecting a different aspect of Divinity .	0.19	to do good '' being a process of God knowing Himself to	each answer reflecting a different aspect of Divinity	Creation
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .	0.798	will also repeal	the government	the 1 % transaction tax
Four other countries in Europe have approved Proleukin in recent months .	0.831	have approved Proleukin in	Four other countries	recent months
Four other countries in Europe have approved Proleukin in recent months .	0.77	have approved	Four other countries	Proleukin
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per - share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence .	0.908	rose to	share earnings	five pence
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per - share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence .	0.877	rose 12 % to	Profit	135.2 million
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per - share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence .	0.868	rose from	share earnings	4.5 pence
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per - share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence .	0.837	rose	Profit	12 %
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per - share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence .	0.736	be rose to	12 %	135.2 million
This is just one example of the larger debate over the use of anonymous sources in high-profile stories , with many newspapers implementing policies that require the usage of on-the-record sources whenever possible .	0.646	implementing	many newspapers	policies that require the usage of on-the-record sources whenever possible
The Israeli controlled sector was captured by Israel in the Six-Day War of June 1967 .	0.924	was captured in	The Israeli controlled sector	the Six-Day War of June 1967
The Israeli controlled sector was captured by Israel in the Six-Day War of June 1967 .	0.919	was captured by	The Israeli controlled sector	Israel
The Israeli controlled sector was captured by Israel in the Six-Day War of June 1967 .	0.279	controlled	Israeli	sector
About 60 % of the work force will continue with Gillette or transfer to Twins Pharmaceuticals , the company said .	0.785	will continue with	About 60 % of the work force	Gillette
About 60 % of the work force will continue with Gillette or transfer to Twins Pharmaceuticals , the company said .	0.603	said of	the company	About 60 % of the work force
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .	0.82	later in the day cast doubt on	a report	the recession scenario
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .	0.722	later in the day cast	a report	doubt
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .	0.551	be later in the day cast on	doubt	the recession scenario
Even the lowest estimate suggests a strong and powerful army , all the more remarkable as our investigations focused just on 200km of vulnerable frontier , a small fraction of the thousands of kilometres of borders of one of the ancient world 's largest empires .	0.757	focused just on 200km vulnerable frontier	a strong and powerful army , all the more remarkable	a small fraction of the thousands of kilometres of borders of one of the ancient world 's largest empires
In 2004 it was expected that redevelopment work in the remaining subway would probably obliterate what remains exist .	0.587	was expected in	it	2004
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .	0.877	shot up 23 points in	The Dow industrials	the opening hour
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .	0.846	shot up 23 points because of	The Dow industrials	buy programs generated by stock
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .	0.74	shot up 23 points in	The Dow industrials	part
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .	0.65	be generated by	buy programs	stock
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .	0.586	be a form of	index arbitrage	program trading
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .	0.817	became the U.S. 's largest food company with	Philip Morris	its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc.
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .	0.75	to evolve beyond	Philip Morris	its roots
For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels , for example , and an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to `` find the true performance label . ''	0.77	were tied in would with	the company 's ads	pitches
For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels , for example , and an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to `` find the true performance label . ''	0.729	would tell	an announcer	customers
For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels , for example , and an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to `` find the true performance label . ''	0.591	would tell customers to find	an announcer	the true performance label
For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels , for example , and an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to `` find the true performance label . ''	0.515	were tied in would for	the company 's ads	years
For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels , for example , and an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to `` find the true performance label . ''	0.389	were tied in would for	the company 's ads	example
In 2011 , major vendors launched several consumer-oriented motherboards using the Intel 6-series LGA 1155 chipset and AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with UEFI .	0.792	launched	major vendors	several consumer-oriented motherboards using the Intel 6-series LGA 1155 chipset
In 2011 , major vendors launched several consumer-oriented motherboards using the Intel 6-series LGA 1155 chipset and AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with UEFI .	0.565	be launched in	several consumer-oriented motherboards using the Intel 6-series LGA 1155 chipset	2011
In 2011 , major vendors launched several consumer-oriented motherboards using the Intel 6-series LGA 1155 chipset and AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with UEFI .	0.513	be AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with	major vendors	UEFI
In 2011 , major vendors launched several consumer-oriented motherboards using the Intel 6-series LGA 1155 chipset and AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with UEFI .	0.414	launched several consumer-oriented motherboards using the Intel 6-series LGA 1155 chipset in	major vendors	2011
The jump was inspired by the film `` Jaws '' .	0.894	was inspired by	The jump	the film `` Jaws
HoLEP , Holmium Laser Enucleation of the Prostate , is another Holmium laser procedure reported to carry fewer risks compared with either TURP or open prostatectomy .	0.691	is	Holmium Laser Enucleation of the Prostate	another Holmium laser procedure
The album reached Britain 's top 75 , with `` Metal Hammer '' magazine being appreciative .	0.767	reached	The album	Britain 's top 75
The company is expected to spend about $ 30 million a year on its two - year corporate campaign , created by WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather unit in New York .	0.873	to spend about $ 30 million a year on	The company	its two - year corporate campaign created by WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather unit in New York
The company is expected to spend about $ 30 million a year on its two - year corporate campaign , created by WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather unit in New York .	0.769	be created by	its two - year corporate campaign	WPP Group 's Ogilvy
Still in corps command , he fought in the Battle of the Pyrenees .	0.851	Still in corps command fought in	he	the Battle of the Pyrenees
But , with the state offering only $ 39,000 a year and California 's high standard of living , `` there are n't too many to choose from , '' says Brent Scott , a recruiting officer .	0.647	are n't with	many	the state offering only $ 39,000 a year and California 's high standard of living
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .	0.768	reported in	rising consumer prices	last week
Like other BBC content of the mid-1990s , it often lampooned the low-budget quality of satellite television available in the UK at the time .	0.807	often lampooned	it	the low-budget quality of satellite television available
Like other BBC content of the mid-1990s , it often lampooned the low-budget quality of satellite television available in the UK at the time .	0.644	be often lampooned like	the low-budget quality of satellite television available	other BBC content of the mid-1990s
Like other BBC content of the mid-1990s , it often lampooned the low-budget quality of satellite television available in the UK at the time .	0.508	often lampooned the low-budget quality of satellite television available in the UK at the time like	it	other BBC content of the mid-1990s
Arrangements were made for mid-August performances in 1944 , but , following the 20 July plot to assassinate Hitler , Joseph Goebbels declared `` total war '' and closed all theatres within the Third Reich , resulting in the work not being allowed a public staging .	0.94	were made for	Arrangements	mid-August performances
Arrangements were made for mid-August performances in 1944 , but , following the 20 July plot to assassinate Hitler , Joseph Goebbels declared `` total war '' and closed all theatres within the Third Reich , resulting in the work not being allowed a public staging .	0.928	were made following	Arrangements	the 20 July plot
Arrangements were made for mid-August performances in 1944 , but , following the 20 July plot to assassinate Hitler , Joseph Goebbels declared `` total war '' and closed all theatres within the Third Reich , resulting in the work not being allowed a public staging .	0.898	were made in	Arrangements	1944
Arrangements were made for mid-August performances in 1944 , but , following the 20 July plot to assassinate Hitler , Joseph Goebbels declared `` total war '' and closed all theatres within the Third Reich , resulting in the work not being allowed a public staging .	0.871	closed	Hitler	all theatres
Arrangements were made for mid-August performances in 1944 , but , following the 20 July plot to assassinate Hitler , Joseph Goebbels declared `` total war '' and closed all theatres within the Third Reich , resulting in the work not being allowed a public staging .	0.686	declared resulting in	Hitler	the work not being allowed a public staging
Arrangements were made for mid-August performances in 1944 , but , following the 20 July plot to assassinate Hitler , Joseph Goebbels declared `` total war '' and closed all theatres within the Third Reich , resulting in the work not being allowed a public staging .	0.609	were made on	Arrangements	1944
The collection also includes recordings made at Clark Monroe 's Uptown House , another late-night jazz haunt in the Harlem of 1941 that include Oran `` Hot Lips '' Page .	0.871	also includes	The collection	recordings made at Clark Monroe 's Uptown House , another late-night jazz haunt in the Harlem of 1941
The collection also includes recordings made at Clark Monroe 's Uptown House , another late-night jazz haunt in the Harlem of 1941 that include Oran `` Hot Lips '' Page .	0.74	be made at	recordings	Clark Monroe 's Uptown House
The collection also includes recordings made at Clark Monroe 's Uptown House , another late-night jazz haunt in the Harlem of 1941 that include Oran `` Hot Lips '' Page .	0.581	be another late-night jazz haunt in	Clark Monroe 's Uptown House	the Harlem of 1941
The collection also includes recordings made at Clark Monroe 's Uptown House , another late-night jazz haunt in the Harlem of 1941 that include Oran `` Hot Lips '' Page .	0.345	be Uptown House of	another late-night jazz haunt that include Oran `` Hot Lips '' Page	Clark Monroe
However , starting with the next story , `` The Ark '' , it was declared that `` Doctor Who '' regulars were required to speak in `` BBC English '' , and so Dodo 's accent was changed .	0.796	to speak in	Doctor Who '' regulars	BBC English
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .	0.908	is 10 years with	The expected average life of the certificates	the final scheduled payment
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .	0.715	be The expected average life of	10 years	the certificates
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .	0.667	is	The expected average life of the certificates	10 years
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''	0.532	is fostering	that privilege 's purpose	harmony
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	0.906	agreed to reimburse certain of the buy out	the UAL board	group 's expenses
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	0.853	agreed to reimburse	the UAL board	certain of the buy
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	0.839	to reimburse certain of the buy out	the UAL board	group 's expenses
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	0.811	did n't breach	the group	the agreement
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	0.809	to reimburse	the UAL board	certain of the buy
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	0.781	to be reimburse out	certain of the buy	group 's expenses
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	0.754	agreed under	the UAL board	a merger agreement
The year 1826 saw the arrival of entomologist and Fellow of the Linnean Society of London Alexander Macleay , who , after being appointed New South Wales Colonial Secretary , began lobbying for a museum .	0.875	began lobbying for	New South Wales Colonial Secretary	a museum
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .	0.616	be once a stopper with	Will McEnaney	Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine
`` I think we could very well have { an economic } slowdown , beginning very soon if not already , '' he says .	0.662	could very well have {	we	an economic } slowdown
Caldor released a statement expressing its mystification over how the image was created and got past proofreaders .	0.857	released	Caldor	a statement expressing its mystification over how the image was created and got past proofreaders
Daimler said it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures .	0.69	has had	it	talks
Other signs of lens subluxation include mild conjunctival redness , vitreous humour degeneration , prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber , and an increase or decrease of anterior chamber depth .	0.821	include	Other signs of lens subluxation	mild conjunctival redness , vitreous humour degeneration , prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber , and an increase or decrease of anterior chamber depth
Chrysler has had to temporarily close the St. Louis and Toledo plants recently because of excess inventories of vehicles built there .	0.783	has had recently because of	Chrysler	excess inventories of vehicles
Chrysler has had to temporarily close the St. Louis and Toledo plants recently because of excess inventories of vehicles built there .	0.738	to temporarily close	Chrysler	the St . Louis and Toledo plants
Chrysler has had to temporarily close the St. Louis and Toledo plants recently because of excess inventories of vehicles built there .	0.674	has had recently to temporarily close	Chrysler	the St . Louis and Toledo plants
The staff provides a family-style , home-cooked dinner every night , which is attended not only by Dartmouth students , but by community members , Appalachian Trail thru-hikers , tourists , and even Dartmouth professors .	0.747	provides a family-style , home-cooked dinner in	The staff	every night
The staff provides a family-style , home-cooked dinner every night , which is attended not only by Dartmouth students , but by community members , Appalachian Trail thru-hikers , tourists , and even Dartmouth professors .	0.74	provides	The staff	a family-style , home-cooked dinner
The staff provides a family-style , home-cooked dinner every night , which is attended not only by Dartmouth students , but by community members , Appalachian Trail thru-hikers , tourists , and even Dartmouth professors .	0.71	is attended by	The staff	Dartmouth students , but by community members , Appalachian Trail thru-hikers , tourists , and even Dartmouth professors
Like many Native American languages , Cherokee has many pronominal prefixes .	0.747	has	Cherokee	many pronominal prefixes
Like many Native American languages , Cherokee has many pronominal prefixes .	0.636	has many pronominal prefixes like	Cherokee	many Native American languages
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .	0.814	to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as	Mr. Donovan	president and chief executive officer
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .	0.731	to succeed	Mr. Donovan	Richard F. Brissette
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .	0.618	to be succeed as	Richard F. Brissette	president and chief executive officer
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .	0.86	reached 175 in	The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index	September
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .	0.716	reached 175	The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index	its highest level
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .	0.635	be reached 175 in	its highest level	September
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .	0.618	reached its highest level this year , from 162 in August in	The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index	September
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .	0.561	reached its highest level this year , from 162 in August	The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index	175
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .	0.45	be reached its highest level this year , from 162 in August in	175	September
He retired on 31 October 1958 , and was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant for the County of Kent .	0.815	retired on	He	31 October 1958
He retired on 31 October 1958 , and was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant for the County of Kent .	0.707	was appointed	He	a Deputy Lieutenant
He retired on 31 October 1958 , and was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant for the County of Kent .	0.658	was appointed for	a Deputy Lieutenant	the County of Kent
Mark and Marisa , the Drive Time presenters , made the announcement live on air at 5.20 pm GMT and both the staff 's personal emails and the stations website was closed shortly thereafter 10pm GMT .	0.881	live on	the announcement	air
Mark and Marisa , the Drive Time presenters , made the announcement live on air at 5.20 pm GMT and both the staff 's personal emails and the stations website was closed shortly thereafter 10pm GMT .	0.797	live at	the announcement	5.20 pm GMT and both the staff 's personal emails
Mark and Marisa , the Drive Time presenters , made the announcement live on air at 5.20 pm GMT and both the staff 's personal emails and the stations website was closed shortly thereafter 10pm GMT .	0.744	be presenters of	Mark and Marisa	Drive Time
Mark and Marisa , the Drive Time presenters , made the announcement live on air at 5.20 pm GMT and both the staff 's personal emails and the stations website was closed shortly thereafter 10pm GMT .	0.684	live in	the announcement	air
Reprise can refer to a version of a song which is similar to , yet different from , the song on which it is based .	0.855	can refer to	Reprise	a version of a song
Reprise can refer to a version of a song which is similar to , yet different from , the song on which it is based .	0.469	is based in	it	the song
These and other attempts supplied a bridge between the literature of the two languages .	0.837	supplied	These and other attempts	a bridge
US 258 and the two state highways cross the Tar River on the freeway , then exit US 64 onto Mutual Boulevard at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville .	0.784	cross the Tar River on	the two state highways	the freeway
US 258 and the two state highways cross the Tar River on the freeway , then exit US 64 onto Mutual Boulevard at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville .	0.728	cross	the two state highways	the Tar River
US 258 and the two state highways cross the Tar River on the freeway , then exit US 64 onto Mutual Boulevard at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville .	0.706	cross the Tar River on	US	the freeway
US 258 and the two state highways cross the Tar River on the freeway , then exit US 64 onto Mutual Boulevard at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville .	0.653	cross	US	the Tar River
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .	0.88	seemed weary of	Mr. Dole	the Bush administration 's strategy
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .	0.845	seemed	Mr. Dole	weary of the Bush administration 's strategy
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .	0.707	be pushing the capital at	gains measure	every chance
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .	0.625	be pushing gains measure at	the capital	every chance
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	0.846	bears	Mike McGurk	some resemblance
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	0.833	provides	Tracy 's secretary	the same kind of feminine interest
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	0.829	is the same kind of	Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson	avuncular superior
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	0.757	is the same kind of avuncular superior as	Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson	Chief Brandon
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	0.62	be bears by	some resemblance	comic relief sidekick
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	0.561	is	Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson	the same kind of avuncular superior
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	0.376	be secretary of	Gwen Andrews	Tracy
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	0.376	be partner of	Pat Patton	Tracy
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''	0.62	to stop	It	it
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''	0.496	's not going to stop	It	it
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .	0.937	was hospitalized for	Mr. Krisher	depression
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .	0.925	the short - term debt is paid off through	term debt	the proceeds selling the assets
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .	0.691	has offered to buy	A group of Michigan investors	Knight
The buyers , these analysts added , could be either foreign or other U.S. concerns .	0.762	could be	The buyers	either foreign or other U.S. concerns
Specifically , knowledge and interest in the event affects the level of personal importance for the individual , which also affects the individual 's level of emotional arousal .	0.811	Specifically affects	knowledge and interest	the level of personal importance
Specifically , knowledge and interest in the event affects the level of personal importance for the individual , which also affects the individual 's level of emotional arousal .	0.564	be also affects by	the individual 's level of emotional arousal	the individual
Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd. is a mining company incorporated in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .	0.834	be incorporated in	a mining company	the Islamic Republic of Pakistan
Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd. is a mining company incorporated in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .	0.817	is	Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd.	a mining company incorporated in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''	0.659	comes after	someone	me
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''	0.651	has to be saying to	Every paper company management	itself
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''	0.574	'm going to go after	I	somebody
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .	0.792	is on	Mr. Gorbachev	the verge being toppled
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''	0.534	need	I	it
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .	0.838	does lend to	support	the view
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .	0.798	does lend support to	The small increase	the view
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .	0.728	does lend	The small increase	support
Mr. Baker heads the Kentucky Association of Science Educators and Skeptics .	0.814	heads	Mr. Baker	the Kentucky Association of Science Educators
Callaghan 's decision on the Japanese pilot 's funeral in 1945 would receive praise years later , although a memorial service aboard the `` Missouri '' in April 2001 attracted controversy .	0.66	attracted	a memorial service	controversy
Despite what some investors are suggesting , the Big Board is n't even considering a total ban on program trading or stock futures , exchange officials said .	0.665	is n't even considering	the Big Board	a total ban
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .	0.926	advanced 1 to	Sea Containers	62
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .	0.875	advanced	Sea Containers	1
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .	0.665	be advanced to	1	62
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	0.835	also took 124 wickets for	He	39 and 6
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	0.835	also took 124 wickets for	He	44
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	0.832	also took 124 wickets with	He	7
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	0.804	be also took for	124 wickets	39 and 6
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	0.804	be also took for	124 wickets	44
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	0.801	be also took with	124 wickets	7
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	0.7	also took 124 wickets against	He	Sargodha
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	0.685	also took	He	124 wickets
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	0.64	be also took against	124 wickets	Sargodha
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	0.626	also took 124 wickets in	He	1962-63 his best bowling figures
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	0.576	be also took in	124 wickets	1962-63 his best bowling figures
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	0.324	also took 124 wickets	He	1962-63 his best bowling figures
The body was made largely of lightweight carbon fiber and Kevlar , known for its strength , and lightness .	0.91	was made of	The body	lightweight carbon fiber and Kevlar
The body was made largely of lightweight carbon fiber and Kevlar , known for its strength , and lightness .	0.633	be known for	lightweight carbon fiber and Kevlar	its strength
After the Battle of Culloden in 1746 , these rebellions were crushed .	0.855	were crushed after	these rebellions	the Battle of Culloden
After the Battle of Culloden in 1746 , these rebellions were crushed .	0.754	were crushed in	these rebellions	1746
The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine , besides reducing a person 's pleasure , recall the cessation of the `` Korban Tamid '' and the `` Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple .	0.685	recall	The restrictions	the cessation of the `` Korban Tamid
The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine , besides reducing a person 's pleasure , recall the cessation of the `` Korban Tamid '' and the `` Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple .	0.558	be the `` Nesach Hayayin with	The restrictions	the destruction of the Temple
The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine , besides reducing a person 's pleasure , recall the cessation of the `` Korban Tamid '' and the `` Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple .	0.514	be the `` Nesach Hayayin on	The restrictions	the Temple Altar
In particular , high conductivity of 0.12 S/cm was reported in perylene-iodine complex in 1954 .	0.859	was reported in	S/cm	perylene-iodine complex
In particular , high conductivity of 0.12 S/cm was reported in perylene-iodine complex in 1954 .	0.84	was reported in	S/cm	1954
In accordance with Article 19 of the Status of Cameroon on 16 April 1957 , it was not the responsibility of the high commissioner to appreciate , to evaluate , to express an opinion on the names of ministers selected by the Prime Minister or to refuse to ratify a government reshuffle .	0.926	was not the responsibility of	it	the high commissioner to appreciate , to evaluate , to express an opinion on the names of ministers selected by the Prime Minister or to refuse to ratify a government reshuffle
In accordance with Article 19 of the Status of Cameroon on 16 April 1957 , it was not the responsibility of the high commissioner to appreciate , to evaluate , to express an opinion on the names of ministers selected by the Prime Minister or to refuse to ratify a government reshuffle .	0.708	was	it	not the responsibility of the high commissioner
In accordance with Article 19 of the Status of Cameroon on 16 April 1957 , it was not the responsibility of the high commissioner to appreciate , to evaluate , to express an opinion on the names of ministers selected by the Prime Minister or to refuse to ratify a government reshuffle .	0.646	was not the responsibility of the high commissioner on	it	16 April 1957
In accordance with Article 19 of the Status of Cameroon on 16 April 1957 , it was not the responsibility of the high commissioner to appreciate , to evaluate , to express an opinion on the names of ministers selected by the Prime Minister or to refuse to ratify a government reshuffle .	0.641	be selected by	ministers	the Prime Minister
In accordance with Article 19 of the Status of Cameroon on 16 April 1957 , it was not the responsibility of the high commissioner to appreciate , to evaluate , to express an opinion on the names of ministers selected by the Prime Minister or to refuse to ratify a government reshuffle .	0.575	was not the responsibility of the high commissioner in	it	accordance
In 1965 , he came to Philadelphia as an anchor for WFIL Radio and as main anchor for its sister station WFIL-TV , Philadelphia 's ABC affiliate .	0.869	came as	he	an anchor for WFIL Radio and as main anchor
In 1965 , he came to Philadelphia as an anchor for WFIL Radio and as main anchor for its sister station WFIL-TV , Philadelphia 's ABC affiliate .	0.849	came to	he	Philadelphia
In 1965 , he came to Philadelphia as an anchor for WFIL Radio and as main anchor for its sister station WFIL-TV , Philadelphia 's ABC affiliate .	0.83	came as	Philadelphia 's ABC affiliate	an anchor for WFIL Radio and as main anchor
In 1965 , he came to Philadelphia as an anchor for WFIL Radio and as main anchor for its sister station WFIL-TV , Philadelphia 's ABC affiliate .	0.676	came to	Philadelphia 's ABC affiliate	Philadelphia
In 1965 , he came to Philadelphia as an anchor for WFIL Radio and as main anchor for its sister station WFIL-TV , Philadelphia 's ABC affiliate .	0.601	came in	he	1965
In 1965 , he came to Philadelphia as an anchor for WFIL Radio and as main anchor for its sister station WFIL-TV , Philadelphia 's ABC affiliate .	0.535	came in	Philadelphia 's ABC affiliate	1965
In 1965 , he came to Philadelphia as an anchor for WFIL Radio and as main anchor for its sister station WFIL-TV , Philadelphia 's ABC affiliate .	0.386	came to	1965	he
In 1965 , he came to Philadelphia as an anchor for WFIL Radio and as main anchor for its sister station WFIL-TV , Philadelphia 's ABC affiliate .	0.358	came to	1965	Philadelphia 's ABC affiliate
Curley was the first classical organist to perform a solo organ recital at the White House , and also played before several European heads of state .	0.874	also played before	Curley	several European heads of state
Curley was the first classical organist to perform a solo organ recital at the White House , and also played before several European heads of state .	0.782	was	Curley	the first classical organist to perform a solo organ recital at the White House
Curley was the first classical organist to perform a solo organ recital at the White House , and also played before several European heads of state .	0.644	to be perform at	a solo organ recital	the White House
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .	0.799	is boosting	LTV Steel Co.	the prices of flat rolled steel products
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .	0.779	is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by	LTV Steel Co.	an average of 3 %
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .	0.743	is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products following	LTV Steel Co.	a recent erosion
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .	0.707	is boosting following	the prices of flat rolled steel products	a recent erosion
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .	0.696	is boosting by	the prices of flat rolled steel products	an average of 3 %
Excluding the special editions , the 2004-2005 Ram SRT-10 came in three colors : Brilliant Black Crystal Pearl Coat , Bright Silver Metallic Clear Coat , and Flame Red Clear Coat .	0.888	came in	the 2004-2005 Ram SRT-10	three colors
Excluding the special editions , the 2004-2005 Ram SRT-10 came in three colors : Brilliant Black Crystal Pearl Coat , Bright Silver Metallic Clear Coat , and Flame Red Clear Coat .	0.743	came excluding	the 2004-2005 Ram SRT-10	the special editions
Excluding the special editions , the 2004-2005 Ram SRT-10 came in three colors : Brilliant Black Crystal Pearl Coat , Bright Silver Metallic Clear Coat , and Flame Red Clear Coat .	0.287	came to	three colors	the 2004-2005 Ram SRT-10
The title senior administration official is a term used by the American press to indicate the identity of a source while retaining his or her anonymity .	0.817	be used by	a term	the American press
The title senior administration official is a term used by the American press to indicate the identity of a source while retaining his or her anonymity .	0.814	is a term by	The title senior administration official	the American press
The title senior administration official is a term used by the American press to indicate the identity of a source while retaining his or her anonymity .	0.757	is	The title senior administration official	a term used by the American press to indicate the identity of a source while retaining his or her anonymity
`` Video Concert Hall '' ran daily on USA Network from 1978 to 1981 on a seemingly arbitrary schedule , appearing on early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike for durations ranging from one to four hours .	0.926	ran daily on	Video Concert Hall	USA Network
`` Video Concert Hall '' ran daily on USA Network from 1978 to 1981 on a seemingly arbitrary schedule , appearing on early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike for durations ranging from one to four hours .	0.914	ran daily from	Video Concert Hall	1978
`` Video Concert Hall '' ran daily on USA Network from 1978 to 1981 on a seemingly arbitrary schedule , appearing on early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike for durations ranging from one to four hours .	0.914	ran daily to	Video Concert Hall	1981
`` Video Concert Hall '' ran daily on USA Network from 1978 to 1981 on a seemingly arbitrary schedule , appearing on early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike for durations ranging from one to four hours .	0.903	ran daily on	Video Concert Hall	a seemingly arbitrary schedule
`` Video Concert Hall '' ran daily on USA Network from 1978 to 1981 on a seemingly arbitrary schedule , appearing on early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike for durations ranging from one to four hours .	0.747	ranging from	durations	one to four hours
Of the rest of the population , there was 1 individual who belonged to the Christian Catholic faith .	0.82	belonged to	1 individual	the Christian Catholic faith
Of the rest of the population , there was 1 individual who belonged to the Christian Catholic faith .	0.805	was of	1 individual who belonged to the Christian Catholic faith	the rest of the population
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .	0.648	will find	he	values '' of 30
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .	0.589	is recalculating is in	the worth of the company 's assets	the meantime
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .	0.458	is recalculating is	he	the worth of the company 's assets
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .	0.342	is is sticking to	he	his `` buy '' recommendation
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .	0.311	is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets is in	he	the meantime
The investigation prompted the company to recall both SoftRAM and SoftRAM95 from the market in December 1995 .	0.874	prompted	The investigation	the company to recall both SoftRAM and SoftRAM95 from the market in December 1995
The investigation prompted the company to recall both SoftRAM and SoftRAM95 from the market in December 1995 .	0.543	to be recall from	SoftRAM and SoftRAM95	the market
The investigation prompted the company to recall both SoftRAM and SoftRAM95 from the market in December 1995 .	0.505	to be recall in	SoftRAM and SoftRAM95	December 1995
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .	0.767	rose	January platinum	90 cents
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .	0.756	's being attacked by	She	the demon
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .	0.732	sprinkles holy water over	the priest	the squirming woman
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .	0.711	sprinkles	the priest	holy water
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .	0.682	sprinkles holy water over	the television camera	the squirming woman
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .	0.658	sprinkles	the television camera	holy water
Proponents of the above laws maintain that these laws are necessary for the control and monitoring of dangerous individuals that live among the general populace .	0.824	are necessary for	these laws	the control and monitoring of dangerous individuals that live among the general populace
Proponents of the above laws maintain that these laws are necessary for the control and monitoring of dangerous individuals that live among the general populace .	0.737	live among	the control and monitoring of dangerous individuals	the general populace
The Selwyn District as a unit of government was formed in 1989 from a legislated merger of the Malvern and Ellesmere counties , along with a portion of Paparua County .	0.925	was formed in	The Selwyn District	1989
The Selwyn District as a unit of government was formed in 1989 from a legislated merger of the Malvern and Ellesmere counties , along with a portion of Paparua County .	0.901	was formed from	The Selwyn District	a legislated merger of the Malvern and Ellesmere counties
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	0.892	launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into	Hezbollah	Israeli territory where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	0.853	captured	they	a further two
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	0.835	launched	Hezbollah	a series of rocket attacks
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	0.821	killed	they	three Israeli soldiers
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	0.757	be launched into	a series of rocket attacks	Israeli territory where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	0.728	launched a series of rocket attacks and raids on	Hezbollah	12 July 2006
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	0.565	be launched on	a series of rocket attacks	12 July 2006
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	0.441	launched a series of rocket attacks and raids in	Hezbollah	12 July 2006
But Judge Keenan said that privilege is meant to protect private utterances -- not litigation papers filed with foreign governments , as Mrs. Marcos 's attorneys maintained .	0.752	be filed with	litigation papers	foreign governments
But Judge Keenan said that privilege is meant to protect private utterances -- not litigation papers filed with foreign governments , as Mrs. Marcos 's attorneys maintained .	0.704	to protect	that privilege	private utterances
This method varies from the BLAST method in two areas , accuracy and speed .	0.872	varies from	This method	the BLAST method
The Northern Rivers has its own orchestra based in Murwillumbah the Northern Rivers Symphony Orchestra as well as the Lismore Symphony Orchestra .	0.809	be based in	its own orchestra	Murwillumbah the Northern Rivers Symphony Orchestra
The Northern Rivers has its own orchestra based in Murwillumbah the Northern Rivers Symphony Orchestra as well as the Lismore Symphony Orchestra .	0.723	has	The Northern Rivers	its own orchestra based in Murwillumbah the Northern Rivers Symphony Orchestra
She was more commonly known by her nickname , `` The Apple '' , and died at 107 at a New Milton , Hampshire , England nursing home .	0.81	was more commonly known by	She	her nickname
She was more commonly known by her nickname , `` The Apple '' , and died at 107 at a New Milton , Hampshire , England nursing home .	0.597	be home of	a New Milton	England nursing
Following sustained efforts by victims and CALDH , and the appointment of a new Attorney General in Guatemala , five direct perpetrators were convicted in domestic criminal proceedings and in October 2012 their conviction was upheld on appeal .	0.949	was upheld on	their conviction	appeal
Following sustained efforts by victims and CALDH , and the appointment of a new Attorney General in Guatemala , five direct perpetrators were convicted in domestic criminal proceedings and in October 2012 their conviction was upheld on appeal .	0.909	were convicted in	the appointment of a new Attorney General	domestic criminal proceedings
Following sustained efforts by victims and CALDH , and the appointment of a new Attorney General in Guatemala , five direct perpetrators were convicted in domestic criminal proceedings and in October 2012 their conviction was upheld on appeal .	0.843	was upheld in	their conviction	October 2012
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .	0.914	fell at	Consumer stocks of copper	the end of September
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .	0.913	fell to	Consumer stocks of copper	44,000 tons
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .	0.847	fell from	Consumer stocks of copper	54,000 tons
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .	0.83	fell at	stocks of copper	the end of September
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .	0.736	be held by	copper	consumers and merchants
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .	0.718	fell from	stocks of copper	54,000 tons
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .	0.713	be held at	copper	the end of July
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .	0.708	fell to	stocks of copper	44,000 tons
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .	0.658	stood down from 125,000 tons in June at	Consumer stocks of copper	123,000 tons
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .	0.644	stood down from 125,000 tons in June at	stocks of copper	123,000 tons
If we assumed that the forts were occupied as densely as those on Hadrian 's Wall , then the garrison on the Gorgan Wall would have been in the order of 30,000 men .	0.866	would have been in	the garrison	the order of 30,000 men
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .	0.809	will seek safety in	Investors	the coming months
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .	0.808	will seek	Investors	safety
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .	0.658	will be seek in	safety	the coming months
The SEC would likely be amenable to legislation that required insiders to file transactions on a more timely basis , he said .	0.856	would likely be amenable to	The SEC	legislation that required insiders to file transactions on a more timely basis
The SEC would likely be amenable to legislation that required insiders to file transactions on a more timely basis , he said .	0.778	would likely be	The SEC	amenable
The SEC would likely be amenable to legislation that required insiders to file transactions on a more timely basis , he said .	0.749	to file transactions on	insiders	a more timely basis
The SEC would likely be amenable to legislation that required insiders to file transactions on a more timely basis , he said .	0.747	to file	insiders	transactions
The SEC would likely be amenable to legislation that required insiders to file transactions on a more timely basis , he said .	0.59	to be file on	transactions	a more timely basis
Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down - payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program - driven financial futures .	0.715	is lobbying for	it	significant regulatory controls
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .	0.858	will receive	Hunter	390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .	0.756	said of	The utility holding company	Hunter
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .	0.747	be 390,000 shares of	Hunter	a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock
He played 16 Test matches , scoring a total of 507 runs .	0.733	played	He	16 Test matches
He played 16 Test matches , scoring a total of 507 runs .	0.606	played 16 Test matches scoring	He	a total of 507 runs
All three had been photography students at The Art Center College of Design in Pasadena , California in 1979 when they became Newton 's longtime assistants , and all three went on to independent careers .	0.94	had been photography students at	three	The Art Center College of Design
All three had been photography students at The Art Center College of Design in Pasadena , California in 1979 when they became Newton 's longtime assistants , and all three went on to independent careers .	0.771	became	they	Newton 's longtime assistants
All three had been photography students at The Art Center College of Design in Pasadena , California in 1979 when they became Newton 's longtime assistants , and all three went on to independent careers .	0.761	had been photography students in	three	1979
All three had been photography students at The Art Center College of Design in Pasadena , California in 1979 when they became Newton 's longtime assistants , and all three went on to independent careers .	0.753	became longtime assistants of	they	Newton
All three had been photography students at The Art Center College of Design in Pasadena , California in 1979 when they became Newton 's longtime assistants , and all three went on to independent careers .	0.542	had been photography students at	The Art Center College of Design	California
All three had been photography students at The Art Center College of Design in Pasadena , California in 1979 when they became Newton 's longtime assistants , and all three went on to independent careers .	0.425	be The Art Center College of	California	Design
All three had been photography students at The Art Center College of Design in Pasadena , California in 1979 when they became Newton 's longtime assistants , and all three went on to independent careers .	0.292	be The Art Center College of Design in	California	Pasadena
Rosen argues that one of the most important provisions of the Constitution in Exile is limitations on the interstate commerce clause , which were undermined by the Supreme Court 's `` expansive interpretation of Congress 's power to regulate interstate commerce ... extended to include any activities that might affect commerce indirectly '' during the New Deal .	0.852	is limitations on	one of the most important provisions of the Constitution	the interstate commerce clause which were undermined by the Supreme Court 's `` expansive interpretation of Congress 's power to regulate interstate commerce
Rosen argues that one of the most important provisions of the Constitution in Exile is limitations on the interstate commerce clause , which were undermined by the Supreme Court 's `` expansive interpretation of Congress 's power to regulate interstate commerce ... extended to include any activities that might affect commerce indirectly '' during the New Deal .	0.695	might be affect indirectly during	commerce	the New Deal
Rosen argues that one of the most important provisions of the Constitution in Exile is limitations on the interstate commerce clause , which were undermined by the Supreme Court 's `` expansive interpretation of Congress 's power to regulate interstate commerce ... extended to include any activities that might affect commerce indirectly '' during the New Deal .	0.549	is	one of the most important provisions of the Constitution	limitations
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .	0.773	has accounted in	Pacific	its strategy
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .	0.702	has accounted for	Pacific	a `` significant downturn
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .	0.499	said in	Mr. Hahn	Georgia
In 1866 , he began a second term as Lord Chancellor , which ended with his death in the next year .	0.75	began	he	a second term
In 1866 , he began a second term as Lord Chancellor , which ended with his death in the next year .	0.736	ended with	Lord Chancellor	his death
In 1866 , he began a second term as Lord Chancellor , which ended with his death in the next year .	0.565	be began in	a second term	1866
In 1866 , he began a second term as Lord Chancellor , which ended with his death in the next year .	0.426	began a second term as Lord Chancellor , which ended with his death in the next year in	he	1866
When Myanmar Buddhists go to the pagoda , they know in their hearts that they are treading the noble path to that state where the best of human nature will have a fair chance to manifest itself in deeds of generosity , loving kindness and compassion for one 's fellow beings .	0.878	know in	they	their hearts
When Myanmar Buddhists go to the pagoda , they know in their hearts that they are treading the noble path to that state where the best of human nature will have a fair chance to manifest itself in deeds of generosity , loving kindness and compassion for one 's fellow beings .	0.875	will have a fair chance to manifest itself in	the best of human nature	deeds of generosity
When Myanmar Buddhists go to the pagoda , they know in their hearts that they are treading the noble path to that state where the best of human nature will have a fair chance to manifest itself in deeds of generosity , loving kindness and compassion for one 's fellow beings .	0.833	will have	the best of human nature	a fair chance
When Myanmar Buddhists go to the pagoda , they know in their hearts that they are treading the noble path to that state where the best of human nature will have a fair chance to manifest itself in deeds of generosity , loving kindness and compassion for one 's fellow beings .	0.812	go to	Myanmar Buddhists	the pagoda
When Myanmar Buddhists go to the pagoda , they know in their hearts that they are treading the noble path to that state where the best of human nature will have a fair chance to manifest itself in deeds of generosity , loving kindness and compassion for one 's fellow beings .	0.772	will be have in	a fair chance	deeds of generosity
When Myanmar Buddhists go to the pagoda , they know in their hearts that they are treading the noble path to that state where the best of human nature will have a fair chance to manifest itself in deeds of generosity , loving kindness and compassion for one 's fellow beings .	0.746	are treading the noble path to	they	that state where the best of human nature will have a fair chance to manifest itself in deeds of generosity
When Myanmar Buddhists go to the pagoda , they know in their hearts that they are treading the noble path to that state where the best of human nature will have a fair chance to manifest itself in deeds of generosity , loving kindness and compassion for one 's fellow beings .	0.724	be loving for	kindness and compassion	one 's fellow beings
When Myanmar Buddhists go to the pagoda , they know in their hearts that they are treading the noble path to that state where the best of human nature will have a fair chance to manifest itself in deeds of generosity , loving kindness and compassion for one 's fellow beings .	0.719	are treading to	the noble path	that state where the best of human nature will have a fair chance to manifest itself in deeds of generosity
When Myanmar Buddhists go to the pagoda , they know in their hearts that they are treading the noble path to that state where the best of human nature will have a fair chance to manifest itself in deeds of generosity , loving kindness and compassion for one 's fellow beings .	0.699	are treading	they	the noble path
When Myanmar Buddhists go to the pagoda , they know in their hearts that they are treading the noble path to that state where the best of human nature will have a fair chance to manifest itself in deeds of generosity , loving kindness and compassion for one 's fellow beings .	0.575	be a fair chance to	the best of human nature	manifest
When Myanmar Buddhists go to the pagoda , they know in their hearts that they are treading the noble path to that state where the best of human nature will have a fair chance to manifest itself in deeds of generosity , loving kindness and compassion for one 's fellow beings .	0.449	are treading the noble path loving compassion for	they	one 's fellow beings
When Myanmar Buddhists go to the pagoda , they know in their hearts that they are treading the noble path to that state where the best of human nature will have a fair chance to manifest itself in deeds of generosity , loving kindness and compassion for one 's fellow beings .	0.449	are treading the noble path loving kindness for	they	one 's fellow beings
When Myanmar Buddhists go to the pagoda , they know in their hearts that they are treading the noble path to that state where the best of human nature will have a fair chance to manifest itself in deeds of generosity , loving kindness and compassion for one 's fellow beings .	0.386	are treading the noble path loving	they	kindness and compassion
In October 2009 it was confirmed that the Byrom Street cutting was a hitching and unhitching point for trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel .	0.798	was a hitching for	the Byrom Street cutting	trains
In October 2009 it was confirmed that the Byrom Street cutting was a hitching and unhitching point for trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel .	0.702	was a hitching via	the Byrom Street cutting	the Victoria Tunnel
In October 2009 it was confirmed that the Byrom Street cutting was a hitching and unhitching point for trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel .	0.655	was confirmed in	it	October 2009
In October 2009 it was confirmed that the Byrom Street cutting was a hitching and unhitching point for trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel .	0.636	was	the Byrom Street cutting	a hitching and unhitching point
Anthracite coal mining sustained the people who numbered 2,762 in 1900 and 2,943 in 1910 .	0.852	sustained	Anthracite coal mining	the people who numbered 2,762 in 1900 and 2,943 in 1910
Anthracite coal mining sustained the people who numbered 2,762 in 1900 and 2,943 in 1910 .	0.736	be numbered in	2,762	1900
The very ease of acquiring Esperanto might even accelerate the process .	0.772	might even accelerate	The very ease acquiring Esperanto	the process
Student job postings at Boston University slip 10 % this year following a 10 % drop in 1988 .	0.815	slip 10 % following	Student job postings	a 10 % drop
Student job postings at Boston University slip 10 % this year following a 10 % drop in 1988 .	0.673	slip	Student job postings	10 %
Big Gun Model Warships allow weapons to be installed in rotating turrets as they were mounted as the prototype historically .	0.88	were mounted as	they	the prototype
Following the report , Attorney General Michael Mukasey appointed a special prosecutor to investigate whether former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and other officials involved in the firings of nine U.S. attorneys broke the law .	0.901	appointed	Attorney General Michael Mukasey	a special prosecutor to investigate whether former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and other officials involved in the firings of nine U.S. attorneys broke the law
Following the report , Attorney General Michael Mukasey appointed a special prosecutor to investigate whether former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and other officials involved in the firings of nine U.S. attorneys broke the law .	0.769	be involved in	former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and other officials	the firings of nine U.S. attorneys
Following the report , Attorney General Michael Mukasey appointed a special prosecutor to investigate whether former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and other officials involved in the firings of nine U.S. attorneys broke the law .	0.595	broke	former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and other officials involved in the firings of nine U.S. attorneys	the law
Following the report , Attorney General Michael Mukasey appointed a special prosecutor to investigate whether former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and other officials involved in the firings of nine U.S. attorneys broke the law .	0.568	appointed a special prosecutor to investigate whether former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and other officials involved in the firings of nine U.S. attorneys broke the law following	Attorney General Michael Mukasey	the report
Following the report , Attorney General Michael Mukasey appointed a special prosecutor to investigate whether former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and other officials involved in the firings of nine U.S. attorneys broke the law .	0.423	be appointed following	a special prosecutor to investigate whether former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and other officials involved in the firings of nine U.S. attorneys broke the law	the report
`` I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80 - plus , '' he says .	0.472	wo n't be throwing	I	90 mph
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .	0.726	supply the tristate area with	the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs	drinking water
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .	0.635	are riddled with	the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs	toxic PCBs
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .	0.699	joins in	He	Nov. 13
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .	0.352	joins dissolving	He	his consulting firm
The album featured Shy 's biggest hit , `` Break Down The Walls '' , co-written with Don Dokken .	0.837	featured Shy 's biggest hit	The album	Break
The album featured Shy 's biggest hit , `` Break Down The Walls '' , co-written with Don Dokken .	0.407	featured `` Break Down The Walls '' , co-written with Don Dokken	The album	Shy 's biggest hit
He accused Maroboduus of hiding in the Hercynian Forest while the other Germans fought for freedom , and accused Maroboduus of being the only king among the Germans .	0.797	fought for	the other Germans	freedom
He accused Maroboduus of hiding in the Hercynian Forest while the other Germans fought for freedom , and accused Maroboduus of being the only king among the Germans .	0.745	accused	He	Maroboduus
He accused Maroboduus of hiding in the Hercynian Forest while the other Germans fought for freedom , and accused Maroboduus of being the only king among the Germans .	0.361	being king among	only	the Germans
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .	0.807	seeks	the consumer agency	fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .	0.36	seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , in	the consumer agency	its suit
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .	0.284	seeks costs of investigation in	the consumer agency	its suit
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .	0.104	seeks an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising in	the consumer agency	its suit
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .	0.737	also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in	Toyota 's upscale Lexus division	a World Series game
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .	0.736	also put in	Toyota 's upscale Lexus division	a plug
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .	0.701	be division of	Lexus	Toyota
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .	0.585	be a sponsor of	Toyota 's upscale Lexus division	the World Series
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .	0.437	be upscale Lexus division of	a sponsor of the World Series	Toyota
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager .	0.724	may be too	Mexico	eager
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager .	0.61	be Japan 's ambassador to	Ryukichi Imai	Mexico
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager .	0.567	be ambassador of	Ryukichi Imai	Japan
In Buenos Aires , Brown was received with bonfires and orchestras .	0.84	was received with	Brown	bonfires and orchestras
In Buenos Aires , Brown was received with bonfires and orchestras .	0.58	was received in	Brown	Buenos Aires
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .	0.763	did n't panic after	Investors	mid
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .	0.805	joins up with	that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk	{ Vietnamese
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .	0.431	does in	the press	that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 .	0.532	equaling	the close of 1969	100
Captive eastern cottontails have lived to at least 9 years of age .	0.866	have lived to	Captive eastern cottontails	at least 9 years of age
The third is the presence of a community ; small and stable populations with a thick social network and social norms promoting conservation do better .	0.913	is the presence of	The third	a community
The third is the presence of a community ; small and stable populations with a thick social network and social norms promoting conservation do better .	0.736	is	The third	the presence of a community
The River Stour Trust , formed in 1968 , has its headquarters in Sudbury , and a purpose built Visitor Centre located at Cornard Lock .	0.902	located at	built Visitor Centre	Cornard Lock
The River Stour Trust , formed in 1968 , has its headquarters in Sudbury , and a purpose built Visitor Centre located at Cornard Lock .	0.793	be formed in	The River Stour Trust	1968
The River Stour Trust , formed in 1968 , has its headquarters in Sudbury , and a purpose built Visitor Centre located at Cornard Lock .	0.751	has	The River Stour Trust	its headquarters
The River Stour Trust , formed in 1968 , has its headquarters in Sudbury , and a purpose built Visitor Centre located at Cornard Lock .	0.616	located in	built Visitor Centre	Cornard Lock
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .	0.727	has been criticized regularly at	Mr. Bush	home
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .	0.334	has been criticized regularly for	Mr. Bush	his part
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .	0.682	has investigated has	Oregon 's Mr. Hyman	claims of flying cats
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .	0.498	has has come up with	Oregon 's Mr. Hyman	a plausible explanation
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .	0.267	has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers has for	Oregon 's Mr. Hyman	one
Morgans appointed Wilson minister of mines and commissioner of railways on 21 November 1901 .	0.908	appointed Wilson minister of mines and commissioner of railways on	Morgans	21 November 1901
Morgans appointed Wilson minister of mines and commissioner of railways on 21 November 1901 .	0.887	appointed	Morgans	Wilson minister of mines and commissioner of railways
Morgans appointed Wilson minister of mines and commissioner of railways on 21 November 1901 .	0.768	be appointed on	Wilson minister of mines and commissioner of railways	21 November 1901
`` The only people who are flying are those who have to , '' said Frank Moore , chairman of the Australian Tourist Industry Association .	0.663	be chairman of	Frank Moore	the Australian Tourist Industry Association
During the Final Crisis , Darkseid used his Omega Beams to grant power to Mary Marvel , with her powers then being based on Anti-Life rather than magic .	0.876	used his Omega Beams to grant power with	Darkseid	her powers then being based on Anti-Life
During the Final Crisis , Darkseid used his Omega Beams to grant power to Mary Marvel , with her powers then being based on Anti-Life rather than magic .	0.871	used his Omega Beams to grant power to	Darkseid	Mary Marvel
During the Final Crisis , Darkseid used his Omega Beams to grant power to Mary Marvel , with her powers then being based on Anti-Life rather than magic .	0.842	used his Omega Beams to grant	Darkseid	power
During the Final Crisis , Darkseid used his Omega Beams to grant power to Mary Marvel , with her powers then being based on Anti-Life rather than magic .	0.803	used	Darkseid	his Omega Beams
During the Final Crisis , Darkseid used his Omega Beams to grant power to Mary Marvel , with her powers then being based on Anti-Life rather than magic .	0.796	to grant	Darkseid	power
During the Final Crisis , Darkseid used his Omega Beams to grant power to Mary Marvel , with her powers then being based on Anti-Life rather than magic .	0.792	to grant power with	Darkseid	her powers then being based on Anti-Life
During the Final Crisis , Darkseid used his Omega Beams to grant power to Mary Marvel , with her powers then being based on Anti-Life rather than magic .	0.784	to grant power to	Darkseid	Mary Marvel
During the Final Crisis , Darkseid used his Omega Beams to grant power to Mary Marvel , with her powers then being based on Anti-Life rather than magic .	0.728	used his Omega Beams during	Darkseid	the Final Crisis
During the Final Crisis , Darkseid used his Omega Beams to grant power to Mary Marvel , with her powers then being based on Anti-Life rather than magic .	0.69	to be grant with	power	her powers then being based on Anti-Life
During the Final Crisis , Darkseid used his Omega Beams to grant power to Mary Marvel , with her powers then being based on Anti-Life rather than magic .	0.648	then being based on	her powers	Anti-Life
During the Final Crisis , Darkseid used his Omega Beams to grant power to Mary Marvel , with her powers then being based on Anti-Life rather than magic .	0.644	be used during	his Omega Beams	the Final Crisis
During the Final Crisis , Darkseid used his Omega Beams to grant power to Mary Marvel , with her powers then being based on Anti-Life rather than magic .	0.624	to grant to be	power	Mary Marvel
This work introduced the - fstack-protector flag , which protects only some vulnerable functions , and the - fstack-protector-all flag , which protects all functions whether they need it or not .	0.802	introduced	This work	the - fstack-protector flag which protects only some vulnerable functions
This work introduced the - fstack-protector flag , which protects only some vulnerable functions , and the - fstack-protector-all flag , which protects all functions whether they need it or not .	0.616	need	they	it
This work introduced the - fstack-protector flag , which protects only some vulnerable functions , and the - fstack-protector-all flag , which protects all functions whether they need it or not .	0.564	be protects by	all functions	the - fstack-protector-all flag
This work introduced the - fstack-protector flag , which protects only some vulnerable functions , and the - fstack-protector-all flag , which protects all functions whether they need it or not .	0.564	be protects by	some vulnerable functions	the - fstack-protector flag
It is primarily used for baseball and is the home field of the Lake Elsinore Storm minor league baseball team , a part of the California League .	0.601	is primarily used a part of the California League for	It	baseball
It is primarily used for baseball and is the home field of the Lake Elsinore Storm minor league baseball team , a part of the California League .	0.584	is primarily used	It	a part of the California League
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .	0.797	relaxed	the Federal Reserve	short - term interest rates
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .	0.762	relaxed short - term interest rates knocking fed funds to	the Federal Reserve	8 3\/4 %
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .	0.711	be knocking to	fed funds	8 3\/4 %
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .	0.7	relaxed short - term interest rates after	the Federal Reserve	a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .	0.647	relaxed short - term interest rates knocking	the Federal Reserve	fed funds
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .	0.571	be relaxed after	short - term interest rates	a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190
The Hamburg Concathedral with chapterhouse and capitular residential courts formed a `` Cathedral Immunity District '' of the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen too .	0.707	formed too	The Hamburg Concathedral	a `` Cathedral Immunity District '' of the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen
Swinburne has attempted to reassert classical Christian beliefs with an apologetic method that he believes is compatible with contemporary science .	0.87	has attempted to reassert classical Christian beliefs with	Swinburne	an apologetic method that he believes is compatible with contemporary science
Swinburne has attempted to reassert classical Christian beliefs with an apologetic method that he believes is compatible with contemporary science .	0.81	has attempted to reassert	Swinburne	classical Christian beliefs
Swinburne has attempted to reassert classical Christian beliefs with an apologetic method that he believes is compatible with contemporary science .	0.749	to be reassert with	classical Christian beliefs	an apologetic method that he believes is compatible with contemporary science
The latter are believed to predate on bush rat and bull shinks .	0.827	to predate on	The latter	bush rat and bull shinks
On 14 March 2007 , a federal judge in the United States , Robert G. Doumar , ruled that the Sudanese government was liable for the bombing .	0.786	was liable for	the Sudanese government	the bombing
On 14 March 2007 , a federal judge in the United States , Robert G. Doumar , ruled that the Sudanese government was liable for the bombing .	0.701	ruled on	a federal judge	14 March 2007
On 14 March 2007 , a federal judge in the United States , Robert G. Doumar , ruled that the Sudanese government was liable for the bombing .	0.689	was	the Sudanese government	liable
On March 16 , 2007 , the Upsilon Chapter at the University of Florida was officially recognized by the Beta Upsilon Chi national board .	0.914	was officially recognized by	the Upsilon Chapter	the Beta Upsilon Chi national board
On March 16 , 2007 , the Upsilon Chapter at the University of Florida was officially recognized by the Beta Upsilon Chi national board .	0.741	was officially recognized on	the Upsilon Chapter	March 16
`` They 're getting some major wins , '' she added .	0.667	're getting	They	some major wins
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .	0.749	be a major part of	race	the death
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .	0.606	deter	death sentences	criminals
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .	0.497	has made in	this bill	addition
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .	0.355	be part of	major	the death
The Tsar chose to accept the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov , Deputy State Secretary of the State Chancellory , as the basis for the new constitution .	0.838	chose to accept	The Tsar	the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov , Deputy State Secretary of the State Chancellory
The Tsar chose to accept the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov , Deputy State Secretary of the State Chancellory , as the basis for the new constitution .	0.794	chose as	The Tsar	the basis
The Tsar chose to accept the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov , Deputy State Secretary of the State Chancellory , as the basis for the new constitution .	0.791	to accept	The Tsar	the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov , Deputy State Secretary of the State Chancellory
The Tsar chose to accept the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov , Deputy State Secretary of the State Chancellory , as the basis for the new constitution .	0.723	be authored by	the draft	Peter Kharitonov
From 1698 to 1843 the famous organ built by Arp Schnitger , one of the Baroque period 's best known organ makers was the main organ .	0.723	be built by	the famous organ	Arp Schnitger
From 1698 to 1843 the famous organ built by Arp Schnitger , one of the Baroque period 's best known organ makers was the main organ .	0.672	was the main organ from	the famous organ built by Arp Schnitger ,	1698
From 1698 to 1843 the famous organ built by Arp Schnitger , one of the Baroque period 's best known organ makers was the main organ .	0.582	was the main organ to	the famous organ built by Arp Schnitger ,	1843
From 1698 to 1843 the famous organ built by Arp Schnitger , one of the Baroque period 's best known organ makers was the main organ .	0.532	was	the famous organ built by Arp Schnitger ,	the main organ
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .	0.896	will spend nearly $ 2 million on	Cotton Inc.	broadcasting
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .	0.844	will spend nearly $ 2 million on	Cotton Inc.	Thanksgiving Day
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .	0.733	will spend nearly $ 2 million advertising on	Cotton Inc.	such programs
It lies in a rugged stretch of land between the Rupes Altai scarp to the west and Mare Nectaris in the east .	0.855	lies in	It	a rugged stretch of land
The researchers also pulled off a second genetic engineering trick in order to get male - sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop .	0.837	also pulled off	The researchers	a second genetic engineering trick
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .	0.86	reported	The company	third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents
There are no sites listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Carter County .	0.861	be listed on	no sites	the National Register of Historic Places
Although Knievel broke his arms , he was more distraught over a permanent injury his accident caused to the cameraman .	0.922	caused to	his accident	the cameraman
Although Knievel broke his arms , he was more distraught over a permanent injury his accident caused to the cameraman .	0.887	was more distraught over	he	a permanent injury his accident caused to the cameraman
Although Knievel broke his arms , he was more distraught over a permanent injury his accident caused to the cameraman .	0.635	was	he	more distraught
Although Knievel broke his arms , he was more distraught over a permanent injury his accident caused to the cameraman .	0.635	broke	Knievel	his arms
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .	0.703	took	He	the reckless course ignoring the evidence
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .	0.317	said	Rep. Gonzalez	He
He outlived all the senators who belonged to that body in his consulship , and at the time of his death there were only seven persons surviving whom he had enrolled in the senate during his censorship .	0.841	belonged to	the senators	that body
He outlived all the senators who belonged to that body in his consulship , and at the time of his death there were only seven persons surviving whom he had enrolled in the senate during his censorship .	0.728	outlived	He	the senators who belonged to that body in his consulship
He outlived all the senators who belonged to that body in his consulship , and at the time of his death there were only seven persons surviving whom he had enrolled in the senate during his censorship .	0.709	were at	only seven persons	the time of his death
He outlived all the senators who belonged to that body in his consulship , and at the time of his death there were only seven persons surviving whom he had enrolled in the senate during his censorship .	0.677	had enrolled in	he	the senate
He outlived all the senators who belonged to that body in his consulship , and at the time of his death there were only seven persons surviving whom he had enrolled in the senate during his censorship .	0.669	belonged in	the senators	his consulship
He outlived all the senators who belonged to that body in his consulship , and at the time of his death there were only seven persons surviving whom he had enrolled in the senate during his censorship .	0.637	were at	He	the time of his death
He outlived all the senators who belonged to that body in his consulship , and at the time of his death there were only seven persons surviving whom he had enrolled in the senate during his censorship .	0.518	had enrolled during	he	his censorship
He outlived all the senators who belonged to that body in his consulship , and at the time of his death there were only seven persons surviving whom he had enrolled in the senate during his censorship .	0.484	outlived	only seven persons	the senators who belonged to that body in his consulship
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 .	0.863	rose 2 1\/4 to	Shaw Industries	26 1\/8
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 .	0.817	be rose to	2 1\/4	26 1\/8
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 .	0.783	rose	Shaw Industries	2 1\/4
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 .	0.696	to be acquire for	Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations	an undisclosed price
High Court judges are therefore referred to as the Honourable Mr/Mrs Justice Smith .	0.892	are therefore referred as	High Court judges	the Honourable Mr/Mrs Justice Smith
It proved successful , and thus on October 22 , 2001 , owner Radio One finally moved the radio format and the WHTA call letters to the stronger 107.9 as `` Hot 107.9 '' where it still airs today .	0.82	finally moved	Radio One	the radio format and the WHTA call letters
It proved successful , and thus on October 22 , 2001 , owner Radio One finally moved the radio format and the WHTA call letters to the stronger 107.9 as `` Hot 107.9 '' where it still airs today .	0.73	be finally moved as	the radio format and the WHTA call letters	Hot 107.9 where it still airs today
It proved successful , and thus on October 22 , 2001 , owner Radio One finally moved the radio format and the WHTA call letters to the stronger 107.9 as `` Hot 107.9 '' where it still airs today .	0.704	finally moved the radio format as	Radio One	Hot 107.9 where it still airs today
It proved successful , and thus on October 22 , 2001 , owner Radio One finally moved the radio format and the WHTA call letters to the stronger 107.9 as `` Hot 107.9 '' where it still airs today .	0.686	still airs in	it	today
It proved successful , and thus on October 22 , 2001 , owner Radio One finally moved the radio format and the WHTA call letters to the stronger 107.9 as `` Hot 107.9 '' where it still airs today .	0.617	finally moved the WHTA call letters to the stronger 107.9 as	Radio One	Hot 107.9 where it still airs today
It proved successful , and thus on October 22 , 2001 , owner Radio One finally moved the radio format and the WHTA call letters to the stronger 107.9 as `` Hot 107.9 '' where it still airs today .	0.366	finally moved the radio format	Radio One	It
It proved successful , and thus on October 22 , 2001 , owner Radio One finally moved the radio format and the WHTA call letters to the stronger 107.9 as `` Hot 107.9 '' where it still airs today .	0.237	finally moved the WHTA call letters to the stronger 107.9	Radio One	It
In 1990 Kelsang Gyatso became also outspoken against the Geshe Studies Programme , and `` made the pursuit of his new programmes compulsory . ''	0.803	became also outspoken against	Kelsang Gyatso	the Geshe Studies Programme
In 1990 Kelsang Gyatso became also outspoken against the Geshe Studies Programme , and `` made the pursuit of his new programmes compulsory . ''	0.796	became also	Kelsang Gyatso	outspoken
In 1990 Kelsang Gyatso became also outspoken against the Geshe Studies Programme , and `` made the pursuit of his new programmes compulsory . ''	0.661	made	Kelsang Gyatso	the pursuit of his new programmes compulsory
In 1990 Kelsang Gyatso became also outspoken against the Geshe Studies Programme , and `` made the pursuit of his new programmes compulsory . ''	0.596	became also outspoken in	Kelsang Gyatso	1990
A Fourier transform is done to extract the frequency-domain spectrum from the raw time-domain FID .	0.695	to be extract from	the frequency-domain spectrum	the raw time-domain FID
With the Great Depression came the change to a feminine ideal of womanliness again .	0.458	be came again with	the change	the Great Depression
McFarlane noted that `` Cybotron '' `` featured a mix of heavy synthesiser kinetics , organ drones and pulsating electronic beats '' .	0.793	featured	Cybotron	a mix of heavy synthesiser kinetics
McFarlane noted that `` Cybotron '' `` featured a mix of heavy synthesiser kinetics , organ drones and pulsating electronic beats '' .	0.444	pulsating	Cybotron	electronic beats
McFarlane noted that `` Cybotron '' `` featured a mix of heavy synthesiser kinetics , organ drones and pulsating electronic beats '' .	0.39	be a mix of	organ drones	heavy synthesiser kinetics
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .	0.852	increased by	Those employed in state - funded special programs	7,400
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .	0.817	increased to	Those employed in state - funded special programs	65,200
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .	0.752	increased in	Those employed in state - funded special programs	the same period
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .	0.655	be increased by	the Directorate	7,400
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .	0.655	be increased to	the Directorate	65,200
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .	0.563	be increased in	the Directorate	the same period
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .	0.775	Meanwhile is pending before	another hospital 's proposal	the board that administers the certificate - of - need law
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .	0.564	be administers by	the certificate - of - need law	the board
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .	0.86	rose a slight 0.2 % in	The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge	September
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .	0.837	rose	The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge	a slight 0.2 %
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .	0.829	offered	the report	little new information
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .	0.707	be rose in	a slight 0.2 %	September
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .	0.852	is effective for	The foundation vote	the affected government entities
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .	0.746	is	The foundation vote	effective
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .	0.672	increasingly 're squaring off in	they	unprecedented public fashion
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .	0.619	increasingly 're squaring off against	they	one
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .	0.45	are putting	Japan 's financial institutions	their enormous clout
Hill commanded the Right Column during the campaign and decisive British victory at the Battle of Vitoria on 21 June 1813 .	0.837	commanded the Right Column during	Hill	the campaign and decisive British victory
Hill commanded the Right Column during the campaign and decisive British victory at the Battle of Vitoria on 21 June 1813 .	0.794	be commanded during	the Right Column	the campaign and decisive British victory
Hill commanded the Right Column during the campaign and decisive British victory at the Battle of Vitoria on 21 June 1813 .	0.716	commanded	Hill	the Right Column
So far , Nissan 's new - model successes are mostly specialized vehicles with limited sales potential .	0.883	So far are mostly specialized vehicles with	Nissan 's new - model successes	limited sales potential
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .	0.815	increased	Output of goods	0.1 %
Both companies are allies of Navigation Mixte in its fight against a hostile takeover bid launched last week by Cie .	0.93	are allies of	Both companies	Navigation Mixte
Both companies are allies of Navigation Mixte in its fight against a hostile takeover bid launched last week by Cie .	0.901	are allies of Navigation Mixte in	Both companies	its fight
Both companies are allies of Navigation Mixte in its fight against a hostile takeover bid launched last week by Cie .	0.718	be launched in	a hostile takeover bid	last week
Both companies are allies of Navigation Mixte in its fight against a hostile takeover bid launched last week by Cie .	0.673	be launched by	a hostile takeover bid	Cie
On another occasion , Graner and other soldiers tied a prisoner to a bed and sodomized him with a phosphoric light while another soldier took photographs .	0.736	be tied to	a prisoner	a bed
On another occasion , Graner and other soldiers tied a prisoner to a bed and sodomized him with a phosphoric light while another soldier took photographs .	0.722	took	another soldier	photographs
On another occasion , Graner and other soldiers tied a prisoner to a bed and sodomized him with a phosphoric light while another soldier took photographs .	0.718	be sodomized with	him	a phosphoric light
On another occasion , Graner and other soldiers tied a prisoner to a bed and sodomized him with a phosphoric light while another soldier took photographs .	0.565	be tied on	a prisoner	another occasion
After years of talking about selling in Japan , more and more U.S. companies are seriously pouring in .	0.543	are seriously pouring in after	more and more U.S. companies	years talking about selling in Japan
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .	0.602	be 8 7\/8 % near	9 % high	closing bid
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .	0.805	was given	International Business Machines Corp.	a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract
The proposal intends to use wind-driven pumps to inject oxygen into waters at , or around , 130m below sea level .	0.807	intends to use	The proposal	wind-driven pumps
The proposal intends to use wind-driven pumps to inject oxygen into waters at , or around , 130m below sea level .	0.739	to be inject into	oxygen	waters
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .	0.758	were never directly drawn into	Time executives	the fray
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .	0.709	have	Time executives	no personal relationships or ego
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .	0.359	be president of	N.J . Nicholas	the company
Among circumcised males , reported incidence figures include 0 % , 0.01 % , 0.55 % , 0.9 % , 2.8 % , 7.29 % , 9-10 % , and 11 % .	0.797	include	incidence figures	0 % , 0.01 % , 0.55 % , 0.9 % , 2.8 % , 7.29 % , 9-10 % , and 11 %
There are 109 individuals who belong to another church , and 20 individuals did not answer the question .	0.773	did not answer	109 individuals who belong to another church , and 20 individuals	the question
The SAS killed a total of 14 Provisional Irish Republican Army and Irish National Liberation Army members at these locations .	0.821	killed	The SAS	a total of 14 Provisional Irish Republican Army
However , when the antigenicities of the seed strains and wild viruses do not match , vaccines fail to protect the vaccinees .	0.55	However fail to protect	vaccines	the vaccinees
Luke Robert Ravenstahl is an American politician who served as the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 until 2014 .	0.874	served as	an American politician	the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh
Luke Robert Ravenstahl is an American politician who served as the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 until 2014 .	0.817	is	Luke Robert Ravenstahl	an American politician who served as the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 until 2014
Luke Robert Ravenstahl is an American politician who served as the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 until 2014 .	0.805	served from	an American politician	2006
Luke Robert Ravenstahl is an American politician who served as the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 until 2014 .	0.78	served until	an American politician	2014
Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah .	0.936	is the parent of	Deseret	the Deseret Bank
Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah .	0.795	is	Deseret	the parent of the Deseret Bank
Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah .	0.654	has six offices at	the Deseret Bank	Pleasant Grove
Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah .	0.606	be has by	six offices and headquarters	the Deseret Bank
Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah .	0.567	has headquarters at	the Deseret Bank	Pleasant Grove
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .	0.841	would also add	The Thurmond bill	five new crimes punishable
Under the Comanche program , each company built different parts of the aircraft .	0.853	built	each company	different parts of the aircraft
Under the Comanche program , each company built different parts of the aircraft .	0.811	built of	each company	the aircraft
Under the Comanche program , each company built different parts of the aircraft .	0.708	built different parts of the aircraft under	each company	the Comanche program
Under the Comanche program , each company built different parts of the aircraft .	0.565	be built under	different parts of the aircraft	the Comanche program
Under the Comanche program , each company built different parts of the aircraft .	0.41	be parts of	different	the aircraft
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .	0.659	needs	the company	its entrepreneurial spirit
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .	0.565	needs its entrepreneurial spirit in	the company	today
There are regattas and head races annually , managed by the Committee of the Dee .	0.864	be managed by	regattas and head races	the Committee of the Dee
Some claim that like the Chalcedonian Creed adopted by later trinitarians , he here makes no mention of the Holy Spirit because his attention is focused on demonstrating the humanity and divinity of Jesus Christ .	0.773	here makes	he	no mention of the Holy Spirit
Some claim that like the Chalcedonian Creed adopted by later trinitarians , he here makes no mention of the Holy Spirit because his attention is focused on demonstrating the humanity and divinity of Jesus Christ .	0.746	be adopted by	Some claim	trinitarians
Some claim that like the Chalcedonian Creed adopted by later trinitarians , he here makes no mention of the Holy Spirit because his attention is focused on demonstrating the humanity and divinity of Jesus Christ .	0.734	here makes	Some claim	no mention of the Holy Spirit
Some claim that like the Chalcedonian Creed adopted by later trinitarians , he here makes no mention of the Holy Spirit because his attention is focused on demonstrating the humanity and divinity of Jesus Christ .	0.725	be adopted like	Some claim	the Chalcedonian Creed
The division maintained defensive positions until the offensive of 23 May , when it broke out of the beachhead , took Cisterna , and raced to Civitavecchia and Rome .	0.922	maintained defensive positions until	The division	the offensive of 23 May
The division maintained defensive positions until the offensive of 23 May , when it broke out of the beachhead , took Cisterna , and raced to Civitavecchia and Rome .	0.867	maintained	The division	defensive positions
The division maintained defensive positions until the offensive of 23 May , when it broke out of the beachhead , took Cisterna , and raced to Civitavecchia and Rome .	0.843	raced to	The division	Civitavecchia and Rome
The division maintained defensive positions until the offensive of 23 May , when it broke out of the beachhead , took Cisterna , and raced to Civitavecchia and Rome .	0.822	be maintained until	defensive positions	the offensive of 23 May
The division maintained defensive positions until the offensive of 23 May , when it broke out of the beachhead , took Cisterna , and raced to Civitavecchia and Rome .	0.658	took	The division	Cisterna
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .	0.943	is growth in	One trend that continues	the money invested in funds
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .	0.73	is	One trend that continues	growth
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .	0.701	be invested in	the money	funds
Yesterday , Nekoosa common closed in composite New York Stock Exchange trading at $ 62.875 , up $ 20.125 , on volume of almost 6.3 million shares .	0.833	closed up $ 20.125 in	Nekoosa common	composite New York Stock Exchange trading
Yesterday , Nekoosa common closed in composite New York Stock Exchange trading at $ 62.875 , up $ 20.125 , on volume of almost 6.3 million shares .	0.75	closed up $ 20.125 on	Nekoosa common	volume of almost 6.3 million shares
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .	0.813	said of	the White House	Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .	0.695	said in	the White House	addition
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .	0.526	will be among	Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy	a group of at least 15 business
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .	0.396	said	the White House	addition
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .	0.394	said to	addition	the White House
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .	0.283	will be in	Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy	the presidential mission
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .	0.254	be chairman of	Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy	Manufacturers Hanover Corp.
He was also a right-arm medium fast bowler with three wickets in test matches to his credit .	0.614	was also	He	a right-arm medium
Later that same year she was promoted to assistant script editor , working on the BBC 's popular medical drama `` Casualty '' .	0.869	was promoted to	she	assistant script editor
Later that same year she was promoted to assistant script editor , working on the BBC 's popular medical drama `` Casualty '' .	0.504	was promoted in	she	that same year
Hoechst 33342 and 33258 are quenched by Bromodeoxyuridine , which is commonly used to detect dividing cells .	0.885	are quenched by	Hoechst 33342 and 33258	Bromodeoxyuridine
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .	0.946	would be reduced to	whose nearly 36 % stake	as little as 20 %
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .	0.793	owned by	British Satellite	about 20 investors
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .	0.79	said of	Mr. Simonds-Gooding	the additional financing
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .	0.606	would be reduced in	whose nearly 36 % stake	Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond
LM Radio also trained a whole generation of announcers and disc jockeys who later went on to make their careers on other stations in South Africa and all over the world .	0.843	also trained	LM Radio	a whole generation of announcers
LM Radio also trained a whole generation of announcers and disc jockeys who later went on to make their careers on other stations in South Africa and all over the world .	0.797	to be make on	their careers	other stations
In 1982 Caro was trying to organise an exhibition of British abstract art in South African townships when he met Robert Loder .	0.843	to organise	Caro	an exhibition of British abstract art
In 1982 Caro was trying to organise an exhibition of British abstract art in South African townships when he met Robert Loder .	0.764	was trying to organise	Caro	an exhibition of British abstract art
In 1982 Caro was trying to organise an exhibition of British abstract art in South African townships when he met Robert Loder .	0.652	met	he	Robert Loder
In 1982 Caro was trying to organise an exhibition of British abstract art in South African townships when he met Robert Loder .	0.464	was trying in	Caro	1982
On 19 March 2001 he was dismissed from the post of chairman of the state administration .	0.902	was dismissed from	he	the post of chairman of the state administration
On 19 March 2001 he was dismissed from the post of chairman of the state administration .	0.446	was dismissed in	he	March 2001
He had long been known as a descriptive writer , since his publication of `` The Great Lone Land '' and other works and he was the biographer of Sir George Colley .	0.848	had long been known as	He	a descriptive writer
He had long been known as a descriptive writer , since his publication of `` The Great Lone Land '' and other works and he was the biographer of Sir George Colley .	0.822	had long been known since	He	his publication of `` The Great Lone Land
He had long been known as a descriptive writer , since his publication of `` The Great Lone Land '' and other works and he was the biographer of Sir George Colley .	0.659	had was the biographer of	he	Sir George Colley
He had long been known as a descriptive writer , since his publication of `` The Great Lone Land '' and other works and he was the biographer of Sir George Colley .	0.416	had was	he	the biographer of Sir George Colley
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .	0.798	would meet aboard	he and the Kremlin leader	U.S. and Soviet naval vessels
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .	0.66	said of	The president	he and the Kremlin leader
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .	0.645	to be discuss without	a wide range of issues	a formal agenda
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .	0.564	would meet to discuss	he and the Kremlin leader	a wide range of issues
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .	0.542	would meet to discuss a wide range of issues without	he and the Kremlin leader	a formal agenda
Different interpretations of the meaning of these songs include : optimistic commentary for the future , bleak commentary regarding the recent announcement of death , or an ironic device by which to direct the King and his Lords towards a new outlook on love and life .	0.797	to be direct towards	the King and his Lords	a new outlook
Different interpretations of the meaning of these songs include : optimistic commentary for the future , bleak commentary regarding the recent announcement of death , or an ironic device by which to direct the King and his Lords towards a new outlook on love and life .	0.792	include	Different interpretations of the meaning of these songs	optimistic commentary
In 1971 , Britten-Norman encountered financial problems , and one result was that the Cushioncraft company was sold in 1972 to the British Hovercraft Corporation .	0.886	was sold in	the Cushioncraft company	1972
In 1971 , Britten-Norman encountered financial problems , and one result was that the Cushioncraft company was sold in 1972 to the British Hovercraft Corporation .	0.829	was sold to	the Cushioncraft company	the British Hovercraft Corporation
In 1971 , Britten-Norman encountered financial problems , and one result was that the Cushioncraft company was sold in 1972 to the British Hovercraft Corporation .	0.728	encountered in	Britten-Norman	1971
In 1971 , Britten-Norman encountered financial problems , and one result was that the Cushioncraft company was sold in 1972 to the British Hovercraft Corporation .	0.725	encountered	Britten-Norman	financial problems , and one result
A substantially revised version of `` Champagne Charlie '' was recorded in 1932 by the American blues singer Blind Blake .	0.932	was recorded in	Champagne Charlie	1932
A substantially revised version of `` Champagne Charlie '' was recorded in 1932 by the American blues singer Blind Blake .	0.901	was recorded by	Champagne Charlie	the American blues singer Blind Blake
A substantially revised version of `` Champagne Charlie '' was recorded in 1932 by the American blues singer Blind Blake .	0.665	be singer of	Blind Blake	American blues
A substantially revised version of `` Champagne Charlie '' was recorded in 1932 by the American blues singer Blind Blake .	0.591	be singer for	Blind Blake	American blues
Superconductivity in charge-transfer complexes was first reported in the Bechgaard salt 2PF6 in 1980 .	0.908	was first reported in	Superconductivity	the Bechgaard salt
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .	0.717	might invent	chasing	a Clifford Stoll
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .	0.525	's	it	unlikely
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''	0.779	will come	the bonds	a little richer and in
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .	0.672	added	he	interest - rate
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake - up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet .	0.878	has been badly hurt up in	The government already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy	Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake - up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet .	0.859	has been badly hurt up by	The government already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy	last week 's shake
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake - up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet .	0.825	be already buffeted by	The government	high interest rates and a slowing economy
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .	0.646	just unleashes	rival Toyota	its own batch of new cars
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .	0.337	just unleashes	arch	its own batch of new cars
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .	0.865	pays a fee to	a client	a bank
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .	0.798	pays	a client	a fee
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .	0.773	pays a fee for	a client	custom
To add a few more calories to this dish , an egg , sunny side up , may be placed on top of the meat , in which case the dish acquires a new name , `` bife a cavalo '' .	0.9	may be placed on	an egg	top of the meat
To add a few more calories to this dish , an egg , sunny side up , may be placed on top of the meat , in which case the dish acquires a new name , `` bife a cavalo '' .	0.737	To be add to	a few more calories	this dish
To add a few more calories to this dish , an egg , sunny side up , may be placed on top of the meat , in which case the dish acquires a new name , `` bife a cavalo '' .	0.728	acquires	the dish	a new name
In the early novels Scarpetta is the Chief Medical Examiner for the Commonwealth of Virginia and works in Richmond .	0.853	is the Chief Medical Examiner for	Scarpetta	the Commonwealth of Virginia
In the early novels Scarpetta is the Chief Medical Examiner for the Commonwealth of Virginia and works in Richmond .	0.809	is	Scarpetta	the Chief Medical Examiner for the Commonwealth of Virginia and works
In the early novels Scarpetta is the Chief Medical Examiner for the Commonwealth of Virginia and works in Richmond .	0.61	be works in	Scarpetta	Richmond
The executives had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co. , Triangle 's chief asset .	0.384	be chief asset of	American National Can Co.	Triangle
State Senator J.E. `` Buster '' Brown , a Republican who is running for Texas attorney general , introduced the bill .	0.474	introduced	State Senator J.E. `` Buster '' Brown	the bill
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .	0.863	to resume their roles as	they	Japan 's suppliers
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .	0.789	to resume	they	their roles
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .	0.772	to be resume as	their roles	Japan 's suppliers
Stephen McCartin , Mr. Hunt 's attorney , said his client welcomed the gamble .	0.88	welcomed	his client	the gamble
Stephen McCartin , Mr. Hunt 's attorney , said his client welcomed the gamble .	0.562	be attorney of	Stephen McCartin	Mr. Hunt
There are four subspecies ; the nominal subspecies found in both the US and Mexico is commonly known as the Texas coral snake .	0.863	found in	the nominal subspecies	the US and Mexico
There are four subspecies ; the nominal subspecies found in both the US and Mexico is commonly known as the Texas coral snake .	0.82	is commonly known as	the nominal subspecies	the Texas coral snake
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .	0.628	be electronically delivers by	tax information	among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .	0.527	be publishes by	tax , financial planning and business law information	Prentice Hall Information Services
The first European-descended settlement of the village began in 1802 , replacing an unsatisfactory site chosen the previous year .	0.9	began in	The first European-descended settlement of the village	1802
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .	0.814	will be part of	a training wage	the nation 's labor laws
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .	0.756	have	we	a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .	0.702	be assistant to	Roger Porter	the president
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .	0.67	be assistant for	Roger Porter	economic and domestic policy
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .	0.428	have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws for	we	the first time
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''	0.422	will have	Members of Congress	the practices of their colleagues
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''	0.322	be the practices of	Members of Congress	their colleagues
The pictures of the Dalai Lama were removed from the gompas and shrines of Kelsang Gyatso 's centres .	0.937	were removed from	The pictures of the Dalai Lama	the gompas and shrines of Kelsang Gyatso 's centres
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .	0.717	to pop out to end	the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski	the 1975 World Series
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .	0.694	be repeating against	the feat	the Yankees ' Roy White
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .	0.674	be repeating in	the feat	1976
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .	0.622	be sipping after	a beer	practice
However , it was also made with the thought of inspiring others to stay strong through their physical and emotional struggles .	0.874	However was also made with	it	the thought inspiring others
The Kingdom of Samaria contained the remaining ten tribes , but following Samaria 's conquest by Assyria , these were allegedly dispersed and lost to history , and henceforth known as the Ten Lost Tribes .	0.767	contained	The Kingdom of Samaria	the remaining ten tribes
Their purpose is to be fair to both parties , disallowing the raising of allegations without a basis in provable fact .	0.793	is disallowing the raising of allegations without	Their purpose	a basis
Their purpose is to be fair to both parties , disallowing the raising of allegations without a basis in provable fact .	0.765	is disallowing	Their purpose	the raising of allegations
Their purpose is to be fair to both parties , disallowing the raising of allegations without a basis in provable fact .	0.753	be disallowing without	the raising of allegations	a basis
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	0.888	recalled back to active duty during	squadrons and personnel	the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	0.707	were	squadrons and personnel	mobilized
The conservation area also encompasses the commercial core of Ladywell along Ladywell Road , known as Ladywell Village , which contains some of the oldest houses and pubs of the area and Edwardian shops that were constructed at the turn of the century in response to the rapidly increasing community around them .	0.874	also encompasses	The conservation area	the commercial core of Ladywell
The conservation area also encompasses the commercial core of Ladywell along Ladywell Road , known as Ladywell Village , which contains some of the oldest houses and pubs of the area and Edwardian shops that were constructed at the turn of the century in response to the rapidly increasing community around them .	0.708	be known as	Ladywell	Ladywell Village
Still not eighteen , he briefly attended the University of Idaho in Moscow in north Idaho , then entered the Army Air Forces in 1945 and was in basic training during V-J Day in August .	0.724	be entered in	the Army Air Forces	1945
Still not eighteen , he briefly attended the University of Idaho in Moscow in north Idaho , then entered the Army Air Forces in 1945 and was in basic training during V-J Day in August .	0.692	briefly attended then	he	the University of Idaho
Still not eighteen , he briefly attended the University of Idaho in Moscow in north Idaho , then entered the Army Air Forces in 1945 and was in basic training during V-J Day in August .	0.691	briefly attended the University of Idaho in Moscow then in	he	north Idaho
Still not eighteen , he briefly attended the University of Idaho in Moscow in north Idaho , then entered the Army Air Forces in 1945 and was in basic training during V-J Day in August .	0.644	be briefly attended then in	the University of Idaho	north Idaho
The balikbayan box is a modern manifestation of the general Philippine practice of `` pasalubong '' , where travellers within or without the country are culturally expected to bring home gifts to family , friends and colleagues .	0.936	is a modern manifestation of	The balikbayan box	the general Philippine practice of `` pasalubong
The balikbayan box is a modern manifestation of the general Philippine practice of `` pasalubong '' , where travellers within or without the country are culturally expected to bring home gifts to family , friends and colleagues .	0.904	is a modern manifestation of the general Philippine practice of	The balikbayan box	pasalubong '' , where travellers within or without the country are culturally expected to bring home gifts to family , friends and colleagues
The balikbayan box is a modern manifestation of the general Philippine practice of `` pasalubong '' , where travellers within or without the country are culturally expected to bring home gifts to family , friends and colleagues .	0.781	to bring home gifts to	travellers	family
The balikbayan box is a modern manifestation of the general Philippine practice of `` pasalubong '' , where travellers within or without the country are culturally expected to bring home gifts to family , friends and colleagues .	0.778	to bring	travellers	home gifts
The balikbayan box is a modern manifestation of the general Philippine practice of `` pasalubong '' , where travellers within or without the country are culturally expected to bring home gifts to family , friends and colleagues .	0.736	is	The balikbayan box	a modern manifestation of the general Philippine practice of `` pasalubong
The balikbayan box is a modern manifestation of the general Philippine practice of `` pasalubong '' , where travellers within or without the country are culturally expected to bring home gifts to family , friends and colleagues .	0.658	to bring to be	home gifts	family
Early Christianity was outlawed as a `` superstitio Iudaica '' , a `` Jewish superstition '' , by Domitian in the 80s AD .	0.903	was outlawed as	Christianity	a `` superstitio Iudaica
The north tower was quickly rebuilt as a stubby , flat-roofed structure .	0.919	was quickly rebuilt as	The north tower	a stubby , flat-roofed structure
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .	0.88	is being offered in	$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations	four classes
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .	0.83	is being offered by	$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations	a Morgan Stanley group
His son Michael serves as manager of the company , and , after being passed over for a promotion , decides to leave both the company and his family .	0.919	serves as	His son	manager of the company
His son Michael serves as manager of the company , and , after being passed over for a promotion , decides to leave both the company and his family .	0.895	serves as	Michael	manager of the company
His son Michael serves as manager of the company , and , after being passed over for a promotion , decides to leave both the company and his family .	0.507	be manager of	His son	the company
His son Michael serves as manager of the company , and , after being passed over for a promotion , decides to leave both the company and his family .	0.434	be manager of	Michael	the company
The CCD image sensors can be implemented in several different architectures .	0.919	can be implemented in	The CCD image sensors	several different architectures
Not wanting to be blamed for the massacre , Williams handcuffs Ballard to her cot and escapes from the train .	0.751	be handcuffs Ballard to	Williams	her cot and escapes
The 2005 model introduced a third row of seats to the Pathfinder line for the first time .	0.913	introduced a third row of seats to	The 2005 model	the Pathfinder line
The 2005 model introduced a third row of seats to the Pathfinder line for the first time .	0.877	introduced	The 2005 model	a third row of seats
The 2005 model introduced a third row of seats to the Pathfinder line for the first time .	0.875	introduced a third row of seats for	The 2005 model	the first time
The 2005 model introduced a third row of seats to the Pathfinder line for the first time .	0.804	be introduced to	a third row of seats	the Pathfinder line
The 2005 model introduced a third row of seats to the Pathfinder line for the first time .	0.779	be introduced for	a third row of seats	the first time
Each of these people influenced her development as a person .	0.831	be influenced as	her development	a person
In addition to FM and SHOUTcast MP3 streaming , KDFC was the first radio station in the country to broadcast in digital HD Radio , offering a secondary HD Radio channel , KDFC-2 , featuring longer classical pieces and vocal works , without commercials on their former 102.1 FM frequency .	0.881	was the first radio station in	KDFC	the country
In addition to FM and SHOUTcast MP3 streaming , KDFC was the first radio station in the country to broadcast in digital HD Radio , offering a secondary HD Radio channel , KDFC-2 , featuring longer classical pieces and vocal works , without commercials on their former 102.1 FM frequency .	0.776	was the first radio station in	KDFC	addition
In addition to FM and SHOUTcast MP3 streaming , KDFC was the first radio station in the country to broadcast in digital HD Radio , offering a secondary HD Radio channel , KDFC-2 , featuring longer classical pieces and vocal works , without commercials on their former 102.1 FM frequency .	0.656	was	KDFC	the first radio station to broadcast in digital HD Radio
In addition to FM and SHOUTcast MP3 streaming , KDFC was the first radio station in the country to broadcast in digital HD Radio , offering a secondary HD Radio channel , KDFC-2 , featuring longer classical pieces and vocal works , without commercials on their former 102.1 FM frequency .	0.606	be offering without	a secondary HD Radio channel	commercials
Cakobau , a former cannibal , had himself converted to Christianity by the missionary James Calvert and renounced cannibalism in 1854 .	0.824	had converted to	himself	Christianity
Cakobau , a former cannibal , had himself converted to Christianity by the missionary James Calvert and renounced cannibalism in 1854 .	0.817	be renounced in	cannibalism	1854
Cakobau , a former cannibal , had himself converted to Christianity by the missionary James Calvert and renounced cannibalism in 1854 .	0.777	had converted by	himself	the missionary James Calvert
Upon exiting Wolf Township , the creek enters Muncy Creek Township , where Little Muncy Creek flows into it .	0.82	flows into	Little Muncy Creek	it
Shea was born on September 5 , 1900 in San Francisco , California .	0.841	was born 1900 in San Francisco , California on	Shea	September 5
Shea was born on September 5 , 1900 in San Francisco , California .	0.805	was born	Shea	1900
Shea was born on September 5 , 1900 in San Francisco , California .	0.5	was born in	1900	San Francisco
Shea was born on September 5 , 1900 in San Francisco , California .	0.495	was born 1900 in San Francisco , California in	Shea	September 5
However , during his rehearsal , Knievel lost control of the motorcycle and crashed into a cameraman .	0.903	crashed into	Knievel	a cameraman
However , during his rehearsal , Knievel lost control of the motorcycle and crashed into a cameraman .	0.798	However lost	Knievel	control of the motorcycle
However , during his rehearsal , Knievel lost control of the motorcycle and crashed into a cameraman .	0.684	However lost control of the motorcycle during	Knievel	his rehearsal
However , during his rehearsal , Knievel lost control of the motorcycle and crashed into a cameraman .	0.497	be However lost during	control of the motorcycle	his rehearsal
However , during his rehearsal , Knievel lost control of the motorcycle and crashed into a cameraman .	0.389	control	Knievel	the motorcycle
Muncy Creek then turns northeast , crossing Pennsylvania Route 405 and turns southwest , crossing Interstate 180 .	0.614	then turns northeast turns southwest crossing	Muncy Creek	Interstate 180
Muncy Creek then turns northeast , crossing Pennsylvania Route 405 and turns southwest , crossing Interstate 180 .	0.558	then turns northeast crossing turns	Muncy Creek	Pennsylvania Route 405
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .	0.841	came from	both teams	the San Francisco Bay area
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .	0.638	is	The 1989 Series	likely
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .	0.479	came to	both teams	the San Francisco Bay area
he was one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position .	0.72	was	he	one of only a few concert organists worldwide
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .	0.777	also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as	The company	an adviser
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .	0.766	also retained	The company	attorney Martin P. Levin
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .	0.649	be a director of	attorney Martin P. Levin	the company and former head of the Times
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .	0.56	be also retained as	attorney Martin P. Levin	an adviser
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .	0.591	approve	the agency	Eminase
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .	0.516	be heart drug of	Eminase	the company
Two seats were won by the Labor-Progressive Party on its own with the re-election of A.A. MacLeod and J.B. Salsberg .	0.925	were won by	Two seats	the Labor-Progressive Party
Two seats were won by the Labor-Progressive Party on its own with the re-election of A.A. MacLeod and J.B. Salsberg .	0.901	were won with	Two seats	the re-election of A.A. MacLeod
Two seats were won by the Labor-Progressive Party on its own with the re-election of A.A. MacLeod and J.B. Salsberg .	0.88	were won on	Two seats	its own
Many are surgically removed for aesthetics and relief of psychosocial burden , but larger ones are also excised for prevention of cancer , although the benefit is impossible to assess for any individual patient .	0.926	are surgically removed for	Many	aesthetics and relief of psychosocial burden
Many are surgically removed for aesthetics and relief of psychosocial burden , but larger ones are also excised for prevention of cancer , although the benefit is impossible to assess for any individual patient .	0.917	are also excised for	larger ones	prevention of cancer
Many are surgically removed for aesthetics and relief of psychosocial burden , but larger ones are also excised for prevention of cancer , although the benefit is impossible to assess for any individual patient .	0.634	is	the benefit	impossible
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .	0.841	was magnified by	the loss	accounting adjustments
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .	0.738	was smaller on	the company 's loss	a cash basis
In mid-1938 , Hal Roach sold the `` Our Gang '' unit to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , who began casting for a new `` team leader '' character in Spanky 's vein and ended up rehiring McFarland himself .	0.871	sold the `` Our Gang '' unit to	Hal Roach	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer
In mid-1938 , Hal Roach sold the `` Our Gang '' unit to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , who began casting for a new `` team leader '' character in Spanky 's vein and ended up rehiring McFarland himself .	0.781	be sold to	the `` Our Gang '' unit	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer
In mid-1938 , Hal Roach sold the `` Our Gang '' unit to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , who began casting for a new `` team leader '' character in Spanky 's vein and ended up rehiring McFarland himself .	0.763	sold	Hal Roach	the `` Our Gang '' unit
In mid-1938 , Hal Roach sold the `` Our Gang '' unit to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , who began casting for a new `` team leader '' character in Spanky 's vein and ended up rehiring McFarland himself .	0.728	sold the `` Our Gang '' unit in	Hal Roach	mid-1938
In mid-1938 , Hal Roach sold the `` Our Gang '' unit to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , who began casting for a new `` team leader '' character in Spanky 's vein and ended up rehiring McFarland himself .	0.658	be sold in	the `` Our Gang '' unit	mid-1938
Its cultivation even declined in favour of the Asian species , which was introduced to East Africa early in the common era and spread westward .	0.932	even declined in	Its cultivation	favour of the Asian species
This line was extended east by the Prahran & Malvern Tramways Trust from Hawthorn Road to Darling Road , Malvern East on 13 November 1913 .	0.894	was extended east by	This line	the Prahran
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , `` told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts .	0.896	would n't do business with	they	firms that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , `` told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts .	0.846	would n't do	they	business
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , `` told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts .	0.749	would be n't do with	business	firms that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , `` told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts .	0.671	told	big institutional investors which he would n't identify	us
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , `` told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts .	0.602	said	Mr. Carpenter	big institutional investors which he would n't identify
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , `` told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts .	0.567	to be do for	index arbitrage	their own accounts
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , `` told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts .	0.517	said in	Mr. Carpenter	yesterday
According to Kay `` As it was no longer possible for students to follow the programmes of both Geshes , the basis of Geshe Konchog 's teaching programme at the Institute was undermined , and in 1991 he retired to Gyuto Monastery in Assam , India . ''	0.876	retired to	he	Gyuto Monastery
According to Kay `` As it was no longer possible for students to follow the programmes of both Geshes , the basis of Geshe Konchog 's teaching programme at the Institute was undermined , and in 1991 he retired to Gyuto Monastery in Assam , India . ''	0.727	was no longer possible for	it	students
According to Kay `` As it was no longer possible for students to follow the programmes of both Geshes , the basis of Geshe Konchog 's teaching programme at the Institute was undermined , and in 1991 he retired to Gyuto Monastery in Assam , India . ''	0.656	retired in	he	1991
According to Kay `` As it was no longer possible for students to follow the programmes of both Geshes , the basis of Geshe Konchog 's teaching programme at the Institute was undermined , and in 1991 he retired to Gyuto Monastery in Assam , India . ''	0.635	was no longer	it	possible
According to Kay `` As it was no longer possible for students to follow the programmes of both Geshes , the basis of Geshe Konchog 's teaching programme at the Institute was undermined , and in 1991 he retired to Gyuto Monastery in Assam , India . ''	0.432	be the programmes of	the basis of Geshe Konchog 's teaching programme	both Geshes
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .	0.854	provides	Quotron	price quotations
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .	0.834	which purchased in	Citicorp	1986
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .	0.799	told	Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber	a congressional hearing
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .	0.78	told a congressional hearing of	Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber	the administration
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .	0.692	would give up	the administration	its demand
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .	0.556	told	Chairman Dan Rostenkowski	a congressional hearing
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .	0.527	told a congressional hearing of	Chairman Dan Rostenkowski	the administration
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .	0.387	be its demand for	the administration	the capital
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .	0.671	Now that the baseball season is officially over 's	it	time for a new season to begin
Its bus operations were merged with another city-owned company , Suomen Turistiauto , to form a new bus company called Helsingin Bussiliikenne .	0.691	called	another city-owned company to form a new bus company	Helsingin Bussiliikenne
The film won its director numerous awards including the Carl Foreman Award for Newcomer in British Film at the BAFTA Awards , the Sutherland Trophy at the London Film Festival and the Silver Hugo for Best Director at the Chicago International Film Festival .	0.665	won	The film	its director
However , Leake and his allies contested the six by-elections with such organised campaigning that three of the six ministers , including Wilson , were defeated .	0.87	However contested	Leake and his allies	the six by-elections
In `` The Andromeda Strain '' , Michael Crichton 's first novel published under his real name , only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe survive .	0.776	exposed to	only two people	a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe
In `` The Andromeda Strain '' , Michael Crichton 's first novel published under his real name , only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe survive .	0.625	be published under	Michael Crichton 's first novel	his real name
In `` The Andromeda Strain '' , Michael Crichton 's first novel published under his real name , only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe survive .	0.49	be exposed in	Michael Crichton 's first novel	The Andromeda Strain
In `` The Andromeda Strain '' , Michael Crichton 's first novel published under his real name , only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe survive .	0.455	be first novel of	The Andromeda Strain	Michael Crichton
In `` The Andromeda Strain '' , Michael Crichton 's first novel published under his real name , only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe survive .	0.386	exposed in	only two people	The Andromeda Strain
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .	0.879	rose 0.4 % from	service - industry output	July
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .	0.829	rose	service - industry output	0.4 %
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .	0.804	said	Statistics Canada	service - industry output
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .	0.752	be rose from	0.4 %	July
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .	0.895	reported	the company	a loss of $ 16.2 million
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .	0.633	said in	Revco 's parent company	Last week
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .	0.376	be parent company of	Anac Holding Corp.	Revco
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .	0.678	is seeking	The UAW	a hearing
Originally , Hank McCoy retains the basic features of a normal human alongside a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape .	0.847	Originally retains the basic features of a normal human alongside	Hank McCoy	a generally simian physiology equivalent
Originally , Hank McCoy retains the basic features of a normal human alongside a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape .	0.826	Originally retains	Hank McCoy	the basic features of a normal human
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .	0.71	has of	Carl	intimacy
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .	0.681	has	Carl	a much higher degree of intimacy
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .	0.856	surged to	its consolidated profit	188 million French francs
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .	0.717	be based in	a diversified construction concern	Paris
In the first volume of the series , The Noh 's nature and background is explained .	0.81	is explained in	The Noh 's nature and background	the first volume of the series
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .	0.831	will remain at	the currency	risk
It tells the story of the Corps of Royal Engineers and British military engineering in general .	0.661	tells	It	the story of the Corps of Royal Engineers
Undercover cop Muscles enlists his childhood friends , the `` Five Lucky Stars '' , to travel to Japan to help him catch a Yakuza group .	0.835	to travel to	the `` Five Lucky Stars	Japan
Undercover cop Muscles enlists his childhood friends , the `` Five Lucky Stars '' , to travel to Japan to help him catch a Yakuza group .	0.625	catch	him	a Yakuza group
Undercover cop Muscles enlists his childhood friends , the `` Five Lucky Stars '' , to travel to Japan to help him catch a Yakuza group .	0.556	be enlists undercover	his childhood friends	cop Muscles
Most dealerships also provide a series of additional services for car buyers and owners , which are sometimes more profitable than the core business of selling cars .	0.834	also provide	dealerships	a series of additional services
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )	0.714	has worked out	No one	the players ' average age
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )	0.561	appear to be in	most	their late 30s
The Harford County Public Schools system is the public school system serving the residents of Harford County .	0.792	is	The Harford County Public Schools system	the public school system serving the residents of Harford County
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .	0.806	rose	the costs	1.4 %
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .	0.708	rose 1.4 % for	the costs	nonunion workers
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .	0.565	be rose for	1.4 %	nonunion workers
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .	0.758	must think with	I	precision
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .	0.596	sequester	I	my mind
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .	0.509	sequester my mind at	I	times
The Romans called such fear of the gods `` superstitio '' .	0.83	called	The Romans	such fear of the gods `` superstitio
He often discusses correspondence with readers and any real-world issues that influenced the novel .	0.782	often discusses	He	correspondence with readers and any real-world issues that influenced the novel
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .	0.801	has launched	Seagram Co.	a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion
Lucy has made contact with her biological mother Jan. .	0.81	has made	Lucy	contact
In `` The Scarpetta Factor , '' she is working full-time and Wesley is working part-time in New York .	0.252	is working full-time Wesley Wesley in	she	The Scarpetta Factor
Shunting locomotives took trains from The Waterloo Good Station to the cutting to be hitched onto the cable .	0.93	took trains to	Shunting locomotives	the cutting to be hitched onto the cable
Shunting locomotives took trains from The Waterloo Good Station to the cutting to be hitched onto the cable .	0.925	took trains from	Shunting locomotives	The Waterloo Good Station
Shunting locomotives took trains from The Waterloo Good Station to the cutting to be hitched onto the cable .	0.878	be took to	trains	the cutting to be hitched onto the cable
Shunting locomotives took trains from The Waterloo Good Station to the cutting to be hitched onto the cable .	0.859	took	Shunting locomotives	trains
Shunting locomotives took trains from The Waterloo Good Station to the cutting to be hitched onto the cable .	0.83	be took from	trains	The Waterloo Good Station
Shunting locomotives took trains from The Waterloo Good Station to the cutting to be hitched onto the cable .	0.781	to be hitched onto	the cutting	the cable
The rapids at the head of the South Fork were removed in 1908 .	0.919	were removed in	The rapids	1908
It transforms back into Alan just in time for Pete to arrive and see Ed open the airlock .	0.809	transforms back in	It	time
It transforms back into Alan just in time for Pete to arrive and see Ed open the airlock .	0.726	transforms back into	It	Alan
It transforms back into Alan just in time for Pete to arrive and see Ed open the airlock .	0.625	open	Ed	the airlock
Coke has tended to increase its control when results were sluggish in a given country .	0.823	were sluggish in	results	a given country
Coke has tended to increase its control when results were sluggish in a given country .	0.78	were	results	sluggish
Coke has tended to increase its control when results were sluggish in a given country .	0.69	has tended to increase	Coke	its control
Pursuant to his mandate and powers conferred upon him , strictly speaking in the texts of the State of Cameroon , Mbida formed a new government and Ramadier refused to ratify the government reshuffle .	0.821	refused to ratify	Ramadier	the government reshuffle
Pursuant to his mandate and powers conferred upon him , strictly speaking in the texts of the State of Cameroon , Mbida formed a new government and Ramadier refused to ratify the government reshuffle .	0.77	to ratify	Ramadier	the government reshuffle
Pursuant to his mandate and powers conferred upon him , strictly speaking in the texts of the State of Cameroon , Mbida formed a new government and Ramadier refused to ratify the government reshuffle .	0.726	strictly speaking in	Pursuant	the texts of the State of Cameroon
Pursuant to his mandate and powers conferred upon him , strictly speaking in the texts of the State of Cameroon , Mbida formed a new government and Ramadier refused to ratify the government reshuffle .	0.665	be conferred upon	his mandate and powers	him
Pursuant to his mandate and powers conferred upon him , strictly speaking in the texts of the State of Cameroon , Mbida formed a new government and Ramadier refused to ratify the government reshuffle .	0.652	refused to ratify	Pursuant	the government reshuffle
Pursuant to his mandate and powers conferred upon him , strictly speaking in the texts of the State of Cameroon , Mbida formed a new government and Ramadier refused to ratify the government reshuffle .	0.64	formed	Ramadier	a new government
Pursuant to his mandate and powers conferred upon him , strictly speaking in the texts of the State of Cameroon , Mbida formed a new government and Ramadier refused to ratify the government reshuffle .	0.597	formed	Pursuant	a new government
Pursuant to his mandate and powers conferred upon him , strictly speaking in the texts of the State of Cameroon , Mbida formed a new government and Ramadier refused to ratify the government reshuffle .	0.578	to ratify	Pursuant	the government reshuffle
Pursuant to his mandate and powers conferred upon him , strictly speaking in the texts of the State of Cameroon , Mbida formed a new government and Ramadier refused to ratify the government reshuffle .	0.26	be Pursuant to	Mbida	his mandate and powers conferred upon him
Like virtually all Seattle neighborhoods , the Pioneer Square neighborhood lacks definitive borders .	0.728	lacks	the Pioneer Square neighborhood	definitive borders
Like virtually all Seattle neighborhoods , the Pioneer Square neighborhood lacks definitive borders .	0.613	lacks definitive borders like	the Pioneer Square neighborhood	all Seattle neighborhoods
The airport 's first international service was to nearby Busan , South Korea , beginning in 1965 .	0.885	was to	The airport 's first international service	Busan
The airport 's first international service was to nearby Busan , South Korea , beginning in 1965 .	0.783	was beginning in	The airport 's first international service	1965
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home .	0.845	will hold an informal meeting	President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev	a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home .	0.799	will hold an informal meeting in	President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev	early December
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home .	0.708	should be give both leaders at	a political boost	home
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home .	0.512	will hold a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home in	President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev	early December
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home .	0.51	will hold a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home	President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev	an informal meeting
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home .	0.471	will hold a move that should be give both leaders a political boost at home in	an informal meeting	early December
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home .	0.469	will be hold an informal meeting in	a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home	early December
Originally the three women , Amy Saunders , Lou Bennett and Sally Dastey combined their vocal talents as backing singers for Aboriginal band Djaambi , led by Saunder 's brother Richard Frankland in 1990 .	0.815	combined	Lou Bennett and Sally Dastey	their vocal talents
Originally the three women , Amy Saunders , Lou Bennett and Sally Dastey combined their vocal talents as backing singers for Aboriginal band Djaambi , led by Saunder 's brother Richard Frankland in 1990 .	0.768	be led by	Aboriginal band Djaambi	Saunder 's brother Richard Frankland
Originally the three women , Amy Saunders , Lou Bennett and Sally Dastey combined their vocal talents as backing singers for Aboriginal band Djaambi , led by Saunder 's brother Richard Frankland in 1990 .	0.74	be led in	Aboriginal band Djaambi	1990
Originally the three women , Amy Saunders , Lou Bennett and Sally Dastey combined their vocal talents as backing singers for Aboriginal band Djaambi , led by Saunder 's brother Richard Frankland in 1990 .	0.672	be brother of	Richard Frankland	Saunder
It has not been cleared and is overgrown , with a rough surface , tree falls , and several wet areas with drainage problems .	0.654	has not been cleared with	It	a rough surface
It has not been cleared and is overgrown , with a rough surface , tree falls , and several wet areas with drainage problems .	0.646	has several wet areas with	It	drainage problems
It has not been cleared and is overgrown , with a rough surface , tree falls , and several wet areas with drainage problems .	0.458	has is	It	overgrown
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .	0.686	was named	James R. Lees	executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .	0.676	be vice president of	James R. Lees	Newport 's European operations
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .	0.43	be executive vice president of	James R. Lees	European operations
Telecoms provider customers who have problems can not directly contact Openreach and have to go indirectly through their reseller .	0.742	have to go indirectly through	Telecoms provider customers	their reseller
The oilseed radish grows well in cool climates and , apart from its industrial use , can be used as a cover crop , grown to increase soil fertility , to scavenge nutrients , suppress weeds , help alleviate soil compaction and prevent winter erosion of the soil .	0.703	grows well apart from its industrial use in	The oilseed radish	cool climates
The oilseed radish grows well in cool climates and , apart from its industrial use , can be used as a cover crop , grown to increase soil fertility , to scavenge nutrients , suppress weeds , help alleviate soil compaction and prevent winter erosion of the soil .	0.557	can be used as	help	a cover crop grown to increase soil fertility , to scavenge nutrients
He said he expects the company to have $ 500 million in sales for this year .	0.834	to have $ 500 million in sales for	the company	this year
Caldor relied heavily on a weekly multi-color sales flyer to generate business .	0.92	relied heavily on	Caldor	a weekly multi-color sales flyer
Caldor relied heavily on a weekly multi-color sales flyer to generate business .	0.723	relied heavily to generate	Caldor	business
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .	0.877	were up across	Prices	the board
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .	0.847	were up with	Prices	most blue
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .	0.645	registering	chip stocks	solid gains
To avoid a runoff , one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote -- a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running .	0.837	would have to win 50 % of the vote	one candidate	a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running
To avoid a runoff , one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote -- a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running .	0.773	to win 50 % of the vote	one candidate	a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running
To avoid a runoff , one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote -- a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running .	0.37	would have to win a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running	one candidate	50 % of the vote
To avoid a runoff , one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote -- a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running .	0.28	to win a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running	one candidate	50 % of the vote
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .	0.809	do n't bother with	Other ads	the fundraising
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .	0.219	intermixed	self - congratulatory	footage of the devastation
The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net - profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp .	0.548	said in	The Dallas oil and gas concern	National Canada Corp
The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net - profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp .	0.436	to to to be purchase from	a 10 % net - profits interest	one of its existing lenders
A year later , he was appointed Attorney-General for Ireland and on this occasion was sworn of the Privy Council of Ireland .	0.826	was sworn of	he	the Privy Council of Ireland
A year later , he was appointed Attorney-General for Ireland and on this occasion was sworn of the Privy Council of Ireland .	0.618	A year later was appointed	he	Attorney-General for Ireland and on
The field at the Lake Elsinore Diamond is named the Pete Lehr Field .	0.75	is named	The field	the Pete Lehr Field
The group were invited to perform at a musical celebration for women 's artistic achievement , ` Hot Jam Cooking ' , in Richmond , Victoria .	0.848	to perform at	The group	a musical celebration
The group were invited to perform at a musical celebration for women 's artistic achievement , ` Hot Jam Cooking ' , in Richmond , Victoria .	0.548	were invited	The group	Hot Jam Cooking
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in `` Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .	0.897	returns to	Scarpetta	Virginia
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in `` Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .	0.822	returns in	Scarpetta	Trace
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in `` Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .	0.704	was fired Dr. Joel Marcus at	she	the request of her replacement
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in `` Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .	0.63	was fired Dr. Joel Marcus from	she	her position
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in `` Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .	0.408	was fired	she	Dr. Joel Marcus
His memorial stone was designed by his only surviving child , Roderick .	0.905	was designed by	His memorial stone	his only surviving child
According to Indian government analysis , they began the process of laying a corridor , which is now widely referred to as the Revolutionary Corridor extending from Nepal to across six Indian States , including Bihar , Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand , Andhra Pradesh , Odisha and Madhya Pradesh .	0.87	began	they	the process laying a corridor ,
According to Indian government analysis , they began the process of laying a corridor , which is now widely referred to as the Revolutionary Corridor extending from Nepal to across six Indian States , including Bihar , Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand , Andhra Pradesh , Odisha and Madhya Pradesh .	0.685	extending from	the Revolutionary Corridor	Nepal
According to Indian government analysis , they began the process of laying a corridor , which is now widely referred to as the Revolutionary Corridor extending from Nepal to across six Indian States , including Bihar , Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand , Andhra Pradesh , Odisha and Madhya Pradesh .	0.636	extending to	the Revolutionary Corridor	across six Indian States
He pointed out that they themselves laid down their arms and forced him to call back Malik al-Ashtar , who was at the point of securing victory .	0.832	was at	Malik al-Ashtar	the point securing victory
He pointed out that they themselves laid down their arms and forced him to call back Malik al-Ashtar , who was at the point of securing victory .	0.687	laid down	they	their arms
He pointed out that they themselves laid down their arms and forced him to call back Malik al-Ashtar , who was at the point of securing victory .	0.626	to call back	him	Malik al-Ashtar
Following the loss , Stevenson announced that he would drop down to the Lightweight division for future bouts .	0.742	would drop down to	he	the Lightweight division
Following the loss , Stevenson announced that he would drop down to the Lightweight division for future bouts .	0.717	announced following	Stevenson	the loss
Following the loss , Stevenson announced that he would drop down to the Lightweight division for future bouts .	0.657	would drop down for	he	future bouts
Because the federal pension agency had taken over the old plans , LTV would be responsible only for benefits paid under the new pension plans .	0.786	would be responsible only for	LTV	benefits paid under the new pension plans
Because the federal pension agency had taken over the old plans , LTV would be responsible only for benefits paid under the new pension plans .	0.641	be paid under	benefits	the new pension plans
Because the federal pension agency had taken over the old plans , LTV would be responsible only for benefits paid under the new pension plans .	0.633	had taken over	the federal pension agency	the old plans
Because the federal pension agency had taken over the old plans , LTV would be responsible only for benefits paid under the new pension plans .	0.387	would be only	LTV	responsible
Ballard 's crew , along with survivors who gathered in the jail , are eventually wiped out by the miners .	0.871	are eventually wiped out by	Ballard 's crew	the miners
Ballard 's crew , along with survivors who gathered in the jail , are eventually wiped out by the miners .	0.74	gathered in	survivors	the jail
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .	0.766	declined to resolve	The high court	questions
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .	0.752	be often used by	civil lawsuits	government contractors
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .	0.829	terminated	the agency	the three LTV pension plans
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .	0.381	be terminated in	the three LTV pension plans	January 1987
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .	0.251	terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing in	the agency	January 1987
Since there was nothing objectionable in it , most likely it was somehow lost by Bentley 's printer when the `` Etymology '' and `` Extracts '' were moved .	0.84	was somehow lost by	it	Bentley 's printer
It was in the late eighties when he found himself on his way into the world of voice acting .	0.844	be found into	himself	the world of voice
It was in the late eighties when he found himself on his way into the world of voice acting .	0.824	found himself on	he	his way
It was in the late eighties when he found himself on his way into the world of voice acting .	0.818	found himself into	he	the world of voice
It was in the late eighties when he found himself on his way into the world of voice acting .	0.815	was in	It	the late eighties
It was in the late eighties when he found himself on his way into the world of voice acting .	0.814	be found on	himself	his way
It was in the late eighties when he found himself on his way into the world of voice acting .	0.697	found	he	himself
Opponents of religious freedom sometimes referred to it as `` Rogue 's Island '' , and Cotton Mather called it `` the sewer of New England . ''	0.881	sometimes referred to	Opponents of religious freedom	it
Opponents of religious freedom sometimes referred to it as `` Rogue 's Island '' , and Cotton Mather called it `` the sewer of New England . ''	0.63	be the sewer of	it	New England
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .	0.762	will become part of	the Corporation Law looseleaf service	its Prentice Hall Law
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .	0.758	retains	Simon	the Corporation Law looseleaf service
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .	0.747	retains	Schuster	the Corporation Law looseleaf service
The latter was lifted only as the b-side of `` Keep on Loving Me '' .	0.91	was lifted as	The latter	the b-side `` Keep on Loving Me ''
In the early 19th century the Welsh Methodists broke away from the Anglican church and established their own denomination , now the Presbyterian Church of Wales .	0.703	established	the Welsh Methodists	their own denomination
In the early 19th century the Welsh Methodists broke away from the Anglican church and established their own denomination , now the Presbyterian Church of Wales .	0.695	broke away from the Anglican church in	the Welsh Methodists	the early 19th century
Gen - Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern , said it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	0.897	to be acquired by	a definitive agreement	Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo
Gen - Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern , said it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	0.837	signed	it	a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock
Gen - Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern , said it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	0.475	said	Gen	it
Locals speak the Quanzhou variety of Min Nan similar to Amoy , similar to South East Asian Hokkien and Taiwanese .	0.842	speak	Locals	the Quanzhou variety of Min Nan similar to Amoy , similar
Prior to the Playmaker tool , the Player could only call one of four available `` hot routes . ''	0.734	Prior to the Playmaker tool could only call	the Player	one of four available `` hot routes
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .	0.816	will be	participants	able
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .	0.816	to transfer	participants	money
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .	0.781	to be transfer from	money	the new funds
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .	0.709	to transfer to be	money	other investment funds
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .	0.665	be receive from	cash	the funds
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .	0.629	will be able under	participants	two new features
Furious at being passed over again , Michael secures another job with a rival company and plans on leaving his family behind for good .	0.876	secures another job with	Michael	a rival company and plans
Furious at being passed over again , Michael secures another job with a rival company and plans on leaving his family behind for good .	0.813	secures	Michael	another job
In November 2009 , PartyGaming announced its acquisition of the World Poker Tour from WPTE for $ 12,300,000 .	0.85	announced	PartyGaming	its acquisition of the World Poker Tour
In November 2009 , PartyGaming announced its acquisition of the World Poker Tour from WPTE for $ 12,300,000 .	0.644	be announced in	its acquisition of the World Poker Tour	November 2009
In November 2009 , PartyGaming announced its acquisition of the World Poker Tour from WPTE for $ 12,300,000 .	0.51	announced its acquisition of the World Poker Tour from WPTE for $ 12,300,000 in	PartyGaming	November 2009
Bruinooge was aided by a national trend toward his party , as well as by Alcock 's decision to spend most of his time canvassing with Liberal candidates in other ridings .	0.935	was aided by	Bruinooge	a national trend
As well , the Labor-Progressive Party ran several joint candidates with the Liberals under the Liberal-Labour banner .	0.862	As well ran several joint candidates with the Liberals under	the Labor-Progressive Party	the Liberal-Labour banner
As well , the Labor-Progressive Party ran several joint candidates with the Liberals under the Liberal-Labour banner .	0.781	As well ran	the Labor-Progressive Party	several joint candidates
As well , the Labor-Progressive Party ran several joint candidates with the Liberals under the Liberal-Labour banner .	0.78	be As well ran under	several joint candidates	the Liberal-Labour banner
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .	0.849	be scheduled for	a hearing	tomorrow
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .	0.82	signaled they are close yesterday to	The Warner Bros. studio and Sony	a settlement
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .	0.66	signaled asking	The Warner Bros. studio and Sony	a Los Angeles Superior Court
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .	0.262	posts at	top	Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc
The 1992 ship 's two suites are called Royal Suite and Presidential Suite .	0.75	are called	The 1992 ship 's two suites	Royal Suite and Presidential Suite
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .	0.841	has recently been paying for	$ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives	U.S. studies of RU-486
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .	0.712	be currently subsidizes by	most U.S. research	$ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .	0.336	be a joint subsidiary of	old	the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government
Eras returned from Edinburgh ready to sit his Bachelor of Medicine exam , and in the new year he and Charles set out together for Cambridge .	0.92	returned from	Eras	Edinburgh ready
Eras returned from Edinburgh ready to sit his Bachelor of Medicine exam , and in the new year he and Charles set out together for Cambridge .	0.915	set out together for	he and Charles	Cambridge
Eras returned from Edinburgh ready to sit his Bachelor of Medicine exam , and in the new year he and Charles set out together for Cambridge .	0.82	set out together for	Eras	Cambridge
Eras returned from Edinburgh ready to sit his Bachelor of Medicine exam , and in the new year he and Charles set out together for Cambridge .	0.772	set out together in	he and Charles	the new year
Eras returned from Edinburgh ready to sit his Bachelor of Medicine exam , and in the new year he and Charles set out together for Cambridge .	0.771	returned from	he and Charles	Edinburgh ready
Eras returned from Edinburgh ready to sit his Bachelor of Medicine exam , and in the new year he and Charles set out together for Cambridge .	0.75	to sit	Eras	his Bachelor of Medicine exam
Eras returned from Edinburgh ready to sit his Bachelor of Medicine exam , and in the new year he and Charles set out together for Cambridge .	0.745	set out together in	Eras	the new year
Eras returned from Edinburgh ready to sit his Bachelor of Medicine exam , and in the new year he and Charles set out together for Cambridge .	0.688	returned to sit	Eras	his Bachelor of Medicine exam
Eras returned from Edinburgh ready to sit his Bachelor of Medicine exam , and in the new year he and Charles set out together for Cambridge .	0.666	returned to	Eras	Edinburgh ready
Eras returned from Edinburgh ready to sit his Bachelor of Medicine exam , and in the new year he and Charles set out together for Cambridge .	0.636	to sit	he and Charles	his Bachelor of Medicine exam
Eras returned from Edinburgh ready to sit his Bachelor of Medicine exam , and in the new year he and Charles set out together for Cambridge .	0.562	returned to sit	he and Charles	his Bachelor of Medicine exam
Eras returned from Edinburgh ready to sit his Bachelor of Medicine exam , and in the new year he and Charles set out together for Cambridge .	0.369	returned to	he and Charles	Edinburgh ready
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''	0.574	're not going back to	we	1970
Trumbull was often incorrectly credited in print as being the sole special-effects creator for 2001 .	0.934	was often incorrectly credited in	Trumbull	print
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .	0.711	must lower	it	the interest rate
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .	0.678	must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain	it	full financial health
`` Billboard '' ranked it as the No. 15 song for 1975 .	0.916	ranked it as	Billboard	the No. 15 song
`` Billboard '' ranked it as the No. 15 song for 1975 .	0.8	ranked	Billboard	it
`` Billboard '' ranked it as the No. 15 song for 1975 .	0.718	be ranked as	it	the No. 15 song
Following the breakthrough success of `` Things Fall Apart '' , its release was highly anticipated and delayed , as recording took two years .	0.882	was highly anticipated following	its release	the breakthrough success of `` Things
Following the breakthrough success of `` Things Fall Apart '' , its release was highly anticipated and delayed , as recording took two years .	0.767	took	recording	two years
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	0.839	was organized by	The CRZ	the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	0.684	was organized in	The CRZ	a meeting
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	0.65	was organized during	The CRZ	August 2001
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .	0.809	will cast a pall over	The recent outcry	the stock
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .	0.808	will cast a pall	The recent outcry	fund environment
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .	0.694	will cast fund environment in the coming months over	The recent outcry	the stock
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .	0.693	will cast fund environment in the coming months	The recent outcry	a pall
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .	0.658	will be cast fund environment in the coming months over	a pall	the stock
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .	0.485	will be cast a pall over	fund environment	the stock
Orkem , France 's third - largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources .	0.798	would fund the acquisition through	it	internal resources
Orkem , France 's third - largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources .	0.757	would fund	it	the acquisition
Orkem , France 's third - largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources .	0.754	would be fund through	the acquisition	internal resources
Orkem , France 's third - largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources .	0.495	be third - largest chemical group of	Orkem	France
On May 9 , 1936 , Mount Apo was declared a national park with Proclamation no. 59 by President Manuel L. Quezon , followed by Proclamation no. 35 of May 8 , 1966 then Proclamation no. 882 of September 24 , 1996 .	0.831	was declared	Mount Apo	a national park
On May 9 , 1936 , Mount Apo was declared a national park with Proclamation no. 59 by President Manuel L. Quezon , followed by Proclamation no. 35 of May 8 , 1966 then Proclamation no. 882 of September 24 , 1996 .	0.725	be followed by	President Manuel L. Quezon	Proclamation no
On May 9 , 1936 , Mount Apo was declared a national park with Proclamation no. 59 by President Manuel L. Quezon , followed by Proclamation no. 35 of May 8 , 1966 then Proclamation no. 882 of September 24 , 1996 .	0.587	be a national park with	Mount Apo	Proclamation
On May 9 , 1936 , Mount Apo was declared a national park with Proclamation no. 59 by President Manuel L. Quezon , followed by Proclamation no. 35 of May 8 , 1966 then Proclamation no. 882 of September 24 , 1996 .	0.534	was declared a national park with Proclamation no . 59 by President Manuel L. Quezon , followed by Proclamation no . 35 of May 8 , 1966 then Proclamation no . 882 of September 24 , 1996 on	Mount Apo	May 9 , 1936
On May 9 , 1936 , Mount Apo was declared a national park with Proclamation no. 59 by President Manuel L. Quezon , followed by Proclamation no. 35 of May 8 , 1966 then Proclamation no. 882 of September 24 , 1996 .	0.175	was declared a national park with Proclamation no . 59 by President Manuel L. Quezon , followed by Proclamation no . 35 of May 8 , 1966 then Proclamation no . 882 of September 24 , 1996 in	Mount Apo	May 9 , 1936
There were 760 households out of which 33.8 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.7 % were married couples living together , 7.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.4 % were non-families .	0.932	had children under	33.8 %	the age of 18 living
There were 760 households out of which 33.8 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.7 % were married couples living together , 7.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.4 % were non-families .	0.851	be had under	children	the age of 18 living
There were 760 households out of which 33.8 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.7 % were married couples living together , 7.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.4 % were non-families .	0.793	had	33.8 %	children
There were 760 households out of which 33.8 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.7 % were married couples living together , 7.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.4 % were non-families .	0.782	had	couples living together	a female householder
There were 760 households out of which 33.8 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.7 % were married couples living together , 7.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.4 % were non-families .	0.753	were	30.4 %	non-families
There were 760 households out of which 33.8 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.7 % were married couples living together , 7.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.4 % were non-families .	0.656	were	no husband	non-families
In Argentina , Maradona is considered a sports hero to many .	0.796	is considered	Maradona	a sports hero
In Argentina , Maradona is considered a sports hero to many .	0.756	is considered a sports hero to many in	Maradona	Argentina
In Argentina , Maradona is considered a sports hero to many .	0.608	be a sports hero to	Maradona	many
Unlike Uncle Sam later , he is not a figure of authority but rather a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace , possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance .	0.874	be possessed of	a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace	patriarchal power
Unlike Uncle Sam later , he is not a figure of authority but rather a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace , possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance .	0.86	Unlike Uncle Sam later is not a figure of	he	authority
Unlike Uncle Sam later , he is not a figure of authority but rather a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace , possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance .	0.672	Unlike Uncle Sam later is	he	not a figure of authority
Final overdubs and mixing were done at Brooklyn Recording Studios in Los Angeles , CA .	0.919	were done at	Final overdubs and mixing	Brooklyn Recording Studios
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .	0.921	has been created through	One of the largest law firms	the merger of Norris
In the 1901 election , after which the Oppositionists under George Leake were able to form a minority government , Frank Wilson , formerly the member for Canning , won the seat .	0.845	won the seat in	Frank Wilson	the 1901 election after which the Oppositionists under George Leake were able to form a minority government
In the 1901 election , after which the Oppositionists under George Leake were able to form a minority government , Frank Wilson , formerly the member for Canning , won the seat .	0.821	won	Frank Wilson	the seat
In the 1901 election , after which the Oppositionists under George Leake were able to form a minority government , Frank Wilson , formerly the member for Canning , won the seat .	0.751	to form	the Oppositionists	a minority government
In the 1901 election , after which the Oppositionists under George Leake were able to form a minority government , Frank Wilson , formerly the member for Canning , won the seat .	0.61	won the seat	Frank Wilson	the 1901 election after which the Oppositionists under George Leake were able to form a minority government
In the 1901 election , after which the Oppositionists under George Leake were able to form a minority government , Frank Wilson , formerly the member for Canning , won the seat .	0.571	be won in	the seat	the 1901 election after which the Oppositionists under George Leake were able to form a minority government
In the 1901 election , after which the Oppositionists under George Leake were able to form a minority government , Frank Wilson , formerly the member for Canning , won the seat .	0.555	were	the Oppositionists	able
In the 1901 election , after which the Oppositionists under George Leake were able to form a minority government , Frank Wilson , formerly the member for Canning , won the seat .	0.372	be the Oppositionists under	able	George Leake
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .	0.564	would appear to see however	Mr. Gorbachev	his central task
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .	0.555	before reach	the demands	a crescendo
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .	0.9	called in Mr. Hyman as	The magazine	a consultant
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .	0.816	called in	The magazine	Mr. Hyman
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .	0.795	be called in as	Mr. Hyman	a consultant
Since many of the rebbes of the Nadvorna Dynasty married relatives , many of the rebbes in this list are sons-in-law of other rebbes on the list .	0.901	are sons-in-law of	many of the rebbes of the Nadvorna Dynasty married relatives	other rebbes
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .	0.755	was	Chemical	vulnerable
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .	0.734	was vulnerable to	Chemical	erroneous valuation assumptions
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .	0.586	was vulnerable with	Chemical	a lopsided book of options
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .	0.704	retains	Mr. Smith	the title of chief financial officer
The city saw construction of skyscrapers in the skyline .	0.85	saw	The city	construction of skyscrapers
The name was changed to Iowa Terminal Railroad in 1961 when new owners from Michigan took over .	0.919	was changed to	The name	Iowa Terminal Railroad
The name was changed to Iowa Terminal Railroad in 1961 when new owners from Michigan took over .	0.874	was changed in	The name	1961
While pursuing his MFA at Columbia in New York , Scieszka painted apartments .	0.821	painted	Scieszka	apartments
While pursuing his MFA at Columbia in New York , Scieszka painted apartments .	0.755	be pursuing at	his MFA	Columbia
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .	0.908	to be made in	The job cuts	a number of areas
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .	0.878	are a streamlining of	The job cuts to be made in a number of areas at various job levels	operations
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .	0.789	to be made at	The job cuts	various job levels
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .	0.762	remains	The heart of the case	intact
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .	0.492	be The heart of	intact	the case
After that date Helsingin seudun liikenne took over these responsibilities .	0.565	be took over after	these responsibilities	that date Helsingin seudun liikenne
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost - busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house .	0.763	be woman of	Kathleen Stinnett	Lexington
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .	0.788	to begin	Both funds	operation
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .	0.781	to begin operation around	Both funds	March 1
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .	0.644	to be begin around	operation	March 1
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .	0.945	recovered from	The leading index	July 's revised level of 36.6
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .	0.911	recovered on	The leading index	strong performances
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .	0.779	recovered among	The leading index	other factors
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .	0.834	did not touch on	The interview	Singapore 's domestic affairs
Maduveya Vayasu song from nanjundi kalyana was a track played during marriages for many many years in Kannada .	0.908	played during	a track	marriages
Maduveya Vayasu song from nanjundi kalyana was a track played during marriages for many many years in Kannada .	0.655	was	Maduveya Vayasu song	a track
Maduveya Vayasu song from nanjundi kalyana was a track played during marriages for many many years in Kannada .	0.441	be Maduveya Vayasu song from	a track	nanjundi kalyana
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .	0.828	was estimated down from 24.5 million shares Friday at	Second Section volume	15 million shares
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''	0.778	is	the company 's chemical spray	gentle
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''	0.773	overcomes	the company 's chemical spray	these problems
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''	0.715	is gentle on	the company 's chemical spray	the female organ
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''	0.663	be Monsanto 's director of	Paul Johanson	plant sciences
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''	0.553	be director of plant sciences of	Paul Johanson	Monsanto
The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 .	0.936	stemmed from	The conviction	federal charges of consumer fraud
Erotica and pornography involving sex between women have been predominantly produced by men for a male and female audience .	0.924	have been predominantly produced by	Erotica and pornography involving sex between women	men
All officers are additionally equipped with less-lethal weapons for use against threats that do not justify a firearms response .	0.929	are additionally equipped with	All officers	less-lethal weapons
All officers are additionally equipped with less-lethal weapons for use against threats that do not justify a firearms response .	0.74	are additionally equipped for	All officers	use
In recent times other local teams have overtaken Celtic in the league structure and in an effort to revitalise the club they switched to summer rugby in 2005 , taking over the fixtures of the defunct Manchester Knights in the Central Premier .	0.945	switched to	they	summer rugby
In recent times other local teams have overtaken Celtic in the league structure and in an effort to revitalise the club they switched to summer rugby in 2005 , taking over the fixtures of the defunct Manchester Knights in the Central Premier .	0.902	switched in	they	2005
In recent times other local teams have overtaken Celtic in the league structure and in an effort to revitalise the club they switched to summer rugby in 2005 , taking over the fixtures of the defunct Manchester Knights in the Central Premier .	0.886	switched to	an effort	summer rugby
In recent times other local teams have overtaken Celtic in the league structure and in an effort to revitalise the club they switched to summer rugby in 2005 , taking over the fixtures of the defunct Manchester Knights in the Central Premier .	0.823	have overtaken Celtic in	other local teams	the league structure
In recent times other local teams have overtaken Celtic in the league structure and in an effort to revitalise the club they switched to summer rugby in 2005 , taking over the fixtures of the defunct Manchester Knights in the Central Premier .	0.805	switched in	an effort	2005
In recent times other local teams have overtaken Celtic in the league structure and in an effort to revitalise the club they switched to summer rugby in 2005 , taking over the fixtures of the defunct Manchester Knights in the Central Premier .	0.8	have overtaken	other local teams	Celtic
In recent times other local teams have overtaken Celtic in the league structure and in an effort to revitalise the club they switched to summer rugby in 2005 , taking over the fixtures of the defunct Manchester Knights in the Central Premier .	0.711	be taking over in	the fixtures of the defunct Manchester Knights	the Central Premier
In recent times other local teams have overtaken Celtic in the league structure and in an effort to revitalise the club they switched to summer rugby in 2005 , taking over the fixtures of the defunct Manchester Knights in the Central Premier .	0.684	have overtaken Celtic in	other local teams	recent times
In recent times other local teams have overtaken Celtic in the league structure and in an effort to revitalise the club they switched to summer rugby in 2005 , taking over the fixtures of the defunct Manchester Knights in the Central Premier .	0.492	have overtaken Celtic taking over	other local teams	the fixtures of the defunct Manchester Knights
In recent times other local teams have overtaken Celtic in the league structure and in an effort to revitalise the club they switched to summer rugby in 2005 , taking over the fixtures of the defunct Manchester Knights in the Central Premier .	0.303	have overtaken Celtic taking over the fixtures of the defunct Manchester Knights in	other local teams	the Central Premier
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .	0.798	can continue	industrial companies	bidding
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .	0.661	will be at	firms	a disadvantage
Moore was born in Fort Smith , Arkansas , and grew up there before moving to Cleveland , Ohio , and then Milwaukee , Wisconsin , where he preached in churches as well as working as a nightclub dancer .	0.9	was born in	Moore	Fort Smith
Moore was born in Fort Smith , Arkansas , and grew up there before moving to Cleveland , Ohio , and then Milwaukee , Wisconsin , where he preached in churches as well as working as a nightclub dancer .	0.806	preached in	he	churches
Moore was born in Fort Smith , Arkansas , and grew up there before moving to Cleveland , Ohio , and then Milwaukee , Wisconsin , where he preached in churches as well as working as a nightclub dancer .	0.555	was born at	Moore	Fort Smith
Moore was born in Fort Smith , Arkansas , and grew up there before moving to Cleveland , Ohio , and then Milwaukee , Wisconsin , where he preached in churches as well as working as a nightclub dancer .	0.554	was born on	Moore	Fort Smith
Moore was born in Fort Smith , Arkansas , and grew up there before moving to Cleveland , Ohio , and then Milwaukee , Wisconsin , where he preached in churches as well as working as a nightclub dancer .	0.436	was born in	Fort Smith	Arkansas
Moore was born in Fort Smith , Arkansas , and grew up there before moving to Cleveland , Ohio , and then Milwaukee , Wisconsin , where he preached in churches as well as working as a nightclub dancer .	0.299	be moving then to	Milwaukee	Cleveland
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10 came in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat .	0.886	came in	2006 Ram SRT-10	Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10 came in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat .	0.124	came to	Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat	2006 Ram SRT-10
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .	0.824	participate in	Warner	certain of its businesses
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .	0.752	Instead is	Sony	likely
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .	0.617	be unit of	CBS Records	Sony
Returning to his room to find Diego 's body on the floor , Gerard is taken in by the police as a murder suspect , but a waiter verifies he was with Senora Camargo at the time .	0.876	was with	he	Senora Camargo
Returning to his room to find Diego 's body on the floor , Gerard is taken in by the police as a murder suspect , but a waiter verifies he was with Senora Camargo at the time .	0.838	was at	he	the time
Returning to his room to find Diego 's body on the floor , Gerard is taken in by the police as a murder suspect , but a waiter verifies he was with Senora Camargo at the time .	0.696	to be find on	Diego 's body	the floor
Returning to his room to find Diego 's body on the floor , Gerard is taken in by the police as a murder suspect , but a waiter verifies he was with Senora Camargo at the time .	0.504	verifies in	he	a waiter
Marinated kapenta can be made from kapenta fillets put in vinegar with salt and kept in a refrigerator .	0.894	can be made from	Marinated kapenta	kapenta fillets
Marinated kapenta can be made from kapenta fillets put in vinegar with salt and kept in a refrigerator .	0.548	can kept in	Marinated kapenta	a refrigerator
Monsignore Ferdinando Baldelli , Carlo Egger and Otto Faller started on behalf of the pope the official Pontificia Commissione di Assistenza Madre Pascalina was asked by the Pope to direct his personal charity efforts , officially under Monsignor Montini , later Pope Paul VI , with whom she seemed to have a complicated relationship .	0.806	started on	Monsignore Ferdinando Baldelli , Carlo Egger and Otto Faller	behalf of the pope
Monsignore Ferdinando Baldelli , Carlo Egger and Otto Faller started on behalf of the pope the official Pontificia Commissione di Assistenza Madre Pascalina was asked by the Pope to direct his personal charity efforts , officially under Monsignor Montini , later Pope Paul VI , with whom she seemed to have a complicated relationship .	0.692	di	the official Pontificia Commissione	Assistenza Madre Pascalina
Monsignore Ferdinando Baldelli , Carlo Egger and Otto Faller started on behalf of the pope the official Pontificia Commissione di Assistenza Madre Pascalina was asked by the Pope to direct his personal charity efforts , officially under Monsignor Montini , later Pope Paul VI , with whom she seemed to have a complicated relationship .	0.617	seemed to have	she	a complicated relationship
Monsignore Ferdinando Baldelli , Carlo Egger and Otto Faller started on behalf of the pope the official Pontificia Commissione di Assistenza Madre Pascalina was asked by the Pope to direct his personal charity efforts , officially under Monsignor Montini , later Pope Paul VI , with whom she seemed to have a complicated relationship .	0.425	started in	Monsignore Ferdinando Baldelli , Carlo Egger and Otto Faller	behalf of the pope
Yet , he rejected an invitation to Terre'Blanche 's funeral , `` I 'm not enamoured of him .	0.859	'm not enamoured of	I	him
Yet , he rejected an invitation to Terre'Blanche 's funeral , `` I 'm not enamoured of him .	0.702	Yet rejected	he	an invitation
To my knowledge , no government entities , including the EPA , are pursuing UV - B measurements .	0.697	are pursuing	no government entities	UV - B measurements
To my knowledge , no government entities , including the EPA , are pursuing UV - B measurements .	0.417	are pursuing UV - B measurements to	no government entities	my knowledge
To my knowledge , no government entities , including the EPA , are pursuing UV - B measurements .	0.411	are pursuing to	UV - B measurements	my knowledge
Initially formed as a punk band `` The Toilets '' under lead singer Mike Peters the band soon embraced rock , displaying marked influences from Welsh language and culture .	0.803	soon embraced	the band	rock
Initially formed as a punk band `` The Toilets '' under lead singer Mike Peters the band soon embraced rock , displaying marked influences from Welsh language and culture .	0.743	soon embraced rock under	the band	lead singer Mike Peters
Initially formed as a punk band `` The Toilets '' under lead singer Mike Peters the band soon embraced rock , displaying marked influences from Welsh language and culture .	0.661	soon embraced rock displaying	the band	marked influences
Initially formed as a punk band `` The Toilets '' under lead singer Mike Peters the band soon embraced rock , displaying marked influences from Welsh language and culture .	0.408	be soon embraced under	rock	lead singer Mike Peters
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .	0.843	would be made into	cutting bill	a separate bill
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .	0.8	has 25.7 % in	Unemployment	Tadzhikistan
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .	0.795	has reached	Unemployment	27.6 %
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .	0.771	has reached 27.6 % in	Unemployment	Azerbaijan
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .	0.668	has 16.3 % in	Unemployment	Kirgizia
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .	0.668	has 18 % in	Unemployment	Armenia
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .	0.668	has 18.8 % in	Unemployment	Turkmenia
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .	0.668	has 22.8 % in	Unemployment	Uzbekistan
Rockwell and NASA thus retroactively re-designated the MPTA as MPTA-098 , though it was never christened with a name .	0.805	was never christened with	it	a name
Rockwell and NASA thus retroactively re-designated the MPTA as MPTA-098 , though it was never christened with a name .	0.786	thus retroactively re-designated the MPTA as	Rockwell and NASA	MPTA-098
Rockwell and NASA thus retroactively re-designated the MPTA as MPTA-098 , though it was never christened with a name .	0.785	thus retroactively re-designated	Rockwell and NASA	the MPTA
One factor is the resource itself ; resources with definable boundaries can be preserved much more easily .	0.6	is	One factor	the resource
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .	0.861	is part of	it	a continuing world
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .	0.653	is	it	part of a continuing world
He probably saw active service as a soldier for the Scottish forces in The Netherlands in the later 1570s , although there is no certain documentary evidence of this .	0.866	probably saw active service as	He	a soldier
He probably saw active service as a soldier for the Scottish forces in The Netherlands in the later 1570s , although there is no certain documentary evidence of this .	0.804	be probably saw as	active service	a soldier
He probably saw active service as a soldier for the Scottish forces in The Netherlands in the later 1570s , although there is no certain documentary evidence of this .	0.761	probably saw	He	active service
Sikorsky and Boeing say that factors outside their control , like budget cuts , `` requirement creep , '' and a long development period caused problems with the Comanche and not team dysfunctionality .	0.829	caused	a long development period	problems
Sikorsky and Boeing say that factors outside their control , like budget cuts , `` requirement creep , '' and a long development period caused problems with the Comanche and not team dysfunctionality .	0.708	caused	Sikorsky and Boeing	problems
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .	0.879	were planned by	what measures	the bank
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .	0.594	was	BNL	unable
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .	0.869	was heralded by	he	a trumpet fanfare
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .	0.86	marched down	the judge	the center aisle
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .	0.701	marched in	the judge	his flowing black robe
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.747	shows	the colophon	the A&U St . George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.728	shows	the title page verso	the full printing history
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.598	shows	the title page	the A&U St . George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.591	shows	the title page verso	the A&U St . George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.574	shows	the colophon	the full printing history
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.574	shows	the title page	the full printing history
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.554	states George Allen	the title page	Unwin Ltd
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.554	states Unwin Ltd	the title page	George Allen
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.554	states George Allen	the title page	London
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.554	states Unwin Ltd	the title page	London
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.523	states George Allen in	the colophon	particular
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.523	states Unwin Ltd in	the colophon	particular
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.523	states George Allen in	the title page	particular
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.523	states Unwin Ltd in	the title page	particular
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.474	states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street ''	the title page	George Allen
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.474	states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street ''	the title page	Unwin Ltd
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.381	states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' in	the colophon	particular
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.381	states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' in	the title page	particular
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.378	states George Allen	the colophon	Unwin Ltd
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.378	states Unwin Ltd	the colophon	George Allen
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.377	states George Allen	the colophon	London
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.377	states Unwin Ltd	the colophon	London
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.356	states George Allen in	the title page verso	particular
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.356	states Unwin Ltd in	the title page verso	particular
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.306	states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street ''	the colophon	George Allen
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.306	states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street ''	the colophon	Unwin Ltd
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.237	states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' in	the title page verso	particular
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.234	states George Allen	the title page verso	Unwin Ltd
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.234	states Unwin Ltd	the title page verso	George Allen
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.234	states George Allen	the title page verso	London
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.234	states Unwin Ltd	the title page verso	London
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.181	states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street ''	the title page verso	George Allen
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .	0.181	states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street ''	the title page verso	Unwin Ltd
This `` 1-in-200 year event '' flooded major intersections and underpasses and damaged both residential and commercial properties .	0.815	damaged	This `` 1-in-200 year event	residential and commercial properties
This `` 1-in-200 year event '' flooded major intersections and underpasses and damaged both residential and commercial properties .	0.778	flooded	This `` 1-in-200 year event	major intersections and underpasses
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co .	0.866	has spurred research at	demand	a number of chemical and biotechnology companies
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co .	0.822	has spurred	demand	research
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co .	0.628	has spurred research in	demand	recent years
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .	0.917	was renamed Jones in	the municipality	honor of American congressman William Jones
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .	0.797	was renamed Jones in	the municipality	1918
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .	0.753	was renamed	the municipality	Jones
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .	0.645	be congressman of	William Jones	American
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .	0.57	be congressman for	William Jones	American
Dr. Pim played for Ireland against England in 1892 , 1893 , 1894 and 1896 .	0.825	played for	Dr. Pim	Ireland
Dr. Pim played for Ireland against England in 1892 , 1893 , 1894 and 1896 .	0.774	played in	Dr. Pim	1892 , 1893 , 1894 and 1896
The video was the first ever to feature the use of dialogue .	0.707	was ever	The video	the first to feature the use of dialogue
From 1970 to 1985 , Gideon Rodan taught at the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine until he switched over to Merck .	0.911	taught at	Gideon Rodan	the University of Connecticut
From 1970 to 1985 , Gideon Rodan taught at the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine until he switched over to Merck .	0.797	taught from	Gideon Rodan	1970
From 1970 to 1985 , Gideon Rodan taught at the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine until he switched over to Merck .	0.747	switched over to	he	Merck
Turkish Cypriot migration to the United Kingdom began in the early 1920s when the British Empire annexed Cyprus in 1914 and the residents of Cyprus became subjects of the Crown .	0.922	became subjects of	the British Empire	the Crown
Turkish Cypriot migration to the United Kingdom began in the early 1920s when the British Empire annexed Cyprus in 1914 and the residents of Cyprus became subjects of the Crown .	0.922	became subjects of	the residents of Cyprus	the Crown
Turkish Cypriot migration to the United Kingdom began in the early 1920s when the British Empire annexed Cyprus in 1914 and the residents of Cyprus became subjects of the Crown .	0.877	began in	Turkish Cypriot migration	the early 1920s
Turkish Cypriot migration to the United Kingdom began in the early 1920s when the British Empire annexed Cyprus in 1914 and the residents of Cyprus became subjects of the Crown .	0.863	annexed Cyprus in	the British Empire	1914
Turkish Cypriot migration to the United Kingdom began in the early 1920s when the British Empire annexed Cyprus in 1914 and the residents of Cyprus became subjects of the Crown .	0.807	annexed	the British Empire	Cyprus
Turkish Cypriot migration to the United Kingdom began in the early 1920s when the British Empire annexed Cyprus in 1914 and the residents of Cyprus became subjects of the Crown .	0.799	became	the British Empire	subjects of the Crown
Turkish Cypriot migration to the United Kingdom began in the early 1920s when the British Empire annexed Cyprus in 1914 and the residents of Cyprus became subjects of the Crown .	0.799	became	the residents of Cyprus	subjects of the Crown
Turkish Cypriot migration to the United Kingdom began in the early 1920s when the British Empire annexed Cyprus in 1914 and the residents of Cyprus became subjects of the Crown .	0.755	annexed Cyprus in	the residents of Cyprus	1914
Turkish Cypriot migration to the United Kingdom began in the early 1920s when the British Empire annexed Cyprus in 1914 and the residents of Cyprus became subjects of the Crown .	0.755	be annexed in	Cyprus	1914
Turkish Cypriot migration to the United Kingdom began in the early 1920s when the British Empire annexed Cyprus in 1914 and the residents of Cyprus became subjects of the Crown .	0.671	annexed	the residents of Cyprus	Cyprus
Turkish Cypriot migration to the United Kingdom began in the early 1920s when the British Empire annexed Cyprus in 1914 and the residents of Cyprus became subjects of the Crown .	0.364	be the residents of	subjects of the Crown	Cyprus
Dr. M. Meenakshi is graduated from SJCE Mysore in the field of Instrumentation Technology .	0.931	is graduated in	Dr. M. Meenakshi	the field of Instrumentation Technology
Dr. M. Meenakshi is graduated from SJCE Mysore in the field of Instrumentation Technology .	0.93	is graduated from	Dr. M. Meenakshi	SJCE Mysore
The canal was dammed off from the river for most of the construction period .	0.929	was dammed off from	The canal	the river
The canal was dammed off from the river for most of the construction period .	0.924	was dammed off for	The canal	most of the construction period
He was included in their squad which won the 2006 FIFA World Cup , as well as the team for the 2010 edition .	0.894	was included in	He	their squad which won the 2006 FIFA World Cup , as well as the team for the 2010 edition
After 1895 cable hauling ceased and locomotives pulled trains the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels .	0.853	pulled trains	locomotives	the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels
After 1895 cable hauling ceased and locomotives pulled trains the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels .	0.783	pulled trains	1895 cable hauling	the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .	0.788	is keenly	The market	interested
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .	0.749	has to say about	he	the status of the current 15 % base lending rate
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .	0.708	to say about	he	the status of the current 15 % base lending rate
During an orchestral rehearsal before the private presentation , Strauss walked down to the orchestral rail in order to listen closely to the beautiful final interlude in the last act .	0.797	walked down to the orchestral rail during	Strauss	an orchestral rehearsal
X is revealed to be the leader of Neo Arcadia and Zero confronts X in battle .	0.838	confronts X in	the leader of Neo Arcadia	battle
X is revealed to be the leader of Neo Arcadia and Zero confronts X in battle .	0.769	confronts	the leader of Neo Arcadia	X
Blackburne 's statement that he `` would not tolerate a refusal to ratify the appointment '' , is an indication of the influence which could then be wielded by a strong Attorney General .	0.906	is an indication of	Blackburne 's statement	the influence which could then be wielded by a strong Attorney General
Blackburne 's statement that he `` would not tolerate a refusal to ratify the appointment '' , is an indication of the influence which could then be wielded by a strong Attorney General .	0.614	would not tolerate	he	a refusal to ratify the appointment ''
Blackburne 's statement that he `` would not tolerate a refusal to ratify the appointment '' , is an indication of the influence which could then be wielded by a strong Attorney General .	0.555	is	Blackburne 's statement	an indication of the influence
He was a member of the European Convention , which drafted the text of the European Constitution that never entered into force .	0.913	was a member of	He	the European Convention which drafted the text of the European Constitution
He was a member of the European Convention , which drafted the text of the European Constitution that never entered into force .	0.81	never entered into	the text of the European Constitution	force
He was a member of the European Convention , which drafted the text of the European Constitution that never entered into force .	0.636	was	He	a member of the European Convention
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .	0.822	also have ended fixed commissions in	Foreign stock markets with which the U.S. is entwined	recent years
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .	0.785	also have ended	Foreign stock markets with which the U.S. is entwined	fixed commissions
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .	0.64	is entwined in	the U.S.	Foreign stock markets
At some point , he also worked as a professor at Nihon University .	0.859	also worked as	he	a professor
At some point , he also worked as a professor at Nihon University .	0.601	also worked at	he	some point
At some point , he also worked as a professor at Nihon University .	0.252	also worked in	he	some point
The previous champions in 2005 were Kilmacud Crokes , who were knocked out of the 2006 competition at the semi-final stage .	0.688	were	The previous champions	Kilmacud Crokes
The previous champions in 2005 were Kilmacud Crokes , who were knocked out of the 2006 competition at the semi-final stage .	0.465	be The previous champions in	Kilmacud Crokes	2005
It is semi-usable , but its use is cautioned .	0.554	is	It	semi-usable
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .	0.874	may result in	related crimes punishable	a jump
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .	0.773	be official of	Thomas Boyd	Justice Department
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .	0.752	says	Thomas Boyd	the new federal drug
The first signs of contacts were reportedly registered during 1989-1990 , when the two groups started collaborating in order to expand their influence .	0.9	were reportedly registered during	The first signs of contacts	1989-1990
He and his friends were said to have made bombs for fun on the outskirts of Murray , Utah .	0.251	be the outskirts of	Murray	Utah
He and his friends were said to have made bombs for fun on the outskirts of Murray , Utah .	0.218	be the outskirts in	Murray	Utah
A number of different numbering and classification schemes were used for the locomotives owned by the London and North Eastern Railway and its constituent companies .	0.933	were used for	A number of different numbering	the locomotives owned by the London and North Eastern Railway and its constituent companies
A number of different numbering and classification schemes were used for the locomotives owned by the London and North Eastern Railway and its constituent companies .	0.647	be owned by	the locomotives	the London and North Eastern Railway and its constituent companies
However , reports of the fight say Langford clearly outpointed the champion .	0.821	clearly outpointed	Langford	the champion
She is the mother of all , and the yoked lions that draw her chariot show the offspring 's duty of obedience to the parent .	0.778	be show to	the offspring 's duty of obedience	the parent
She is the mother of all , and the yoked lions that draw her chariot show the offspring 's duty of obedience to the parent .	0.659	is	She	the mother of all , and the yoked lions that draw her chariot show the offspring 's duty of obedience to the parent
This is an occasional segment generally used as a sort of time-filler or segue .	0.901	be generally used as	an occasional segment	a sort of time-filler
This is an occasional segment generally used as a sort of time-filler or segue .	0.413	be a sort of	an occasional segment	time-filler or segue
His recent appearance at the Metropolitan Museum , dubbed `` A Musical Odyssey , '' was a case in point .	0.88	was a case in	His recent appearance	point
His recent appearance at the Metropolitan Museum , dubbed `` A Musical Odyssey , '' was a case in point .	0.668	was	His recent appearance	a case
His recent appearance at the Metropolitan Museum , dubbed `` A Musical Odyssey , '' was a case in point .	0.484	be His recent appearance at	a case	the Metropolitan Museum
A common name , logo , and programming schedule followed in 1982 , with the establishment of the `` TV8 '' network between the three stations , changed to the `` Southern Cross Network '' seven years later .	0.732	followed seven years later with	A common name , logo , and programming schedule	the establishment of the `` TV8 '' network
A common name , logo , and programming schedule followed in 1982 , with the establishment of the `` TV8 '' network between the three stations , changed to the `` Southern Cross Network '' seven years later .	0.572	followed seven years later in	A common name , logo , and programming schedule	1982
`` But it 's risky , '' he says of Specialized 's attempt to adopt a corporate structure .	0.83	says of	he	Specialized 's attempt
`` But it 's risky , '' he says of Specialized 's attempt to adopt a corporate structure .	0.539	's	it	risky
As a result , the mall was forced to undergo an evacuation as a precautionary measure .	0.818	to undergo an evacuation as	the mall	a precautionary measure
As a result , the mall was forced to undergo an evacuation as a precautionary measure .	0.778	to undergo	the mall	an evacuation
As a result , the mall was forced to undergo an evacuation as a precautionary measure .	0.754	was forced as	the mall	a result
As a result , the mall was forced to undergo an evacuation as a precautionary measure .	0.708	to be undergo as	an evacuation	a precautionary measure
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .	0.914	could n't be reached for	Hees and Canadian Express executives	comment
In England , emphasis was placed on the orientation of the chapels to the east .	0.945	was placed on	emphasis	the orientation of the chapels
In England , emphasis was placed on the orientation of the chapels to the east .	0.892	was placed to	emphasis	the east
In England , emphasis was placed on the orientation of the chapels to the east .	0.725	was placed in	emphasis	England
Its responsibilities include the investigation and prevention of federal offenses involving the unlawful use , manufacture , and possession of firearms and explosives ; acts of arson and bombings ; and illegal manufacturing and trafficking of alcohol and tobacco products that avoid paying the federal excise taxes on these products .	0.854	include	Its responsibilities	the investigation and prevention of federal offenses involving the unlawful use , manufacture , and possession of firearms and explosives ; acts of arson and bombings ; and illegal manufacturing and trafficking of alcohol and tobacco products
Its responsibilities include the investigation and prevention of federal offenses involving the unlawful use , manufacture , and possession of firearms and explosives ; acts of arson and bombings ; and illegal manufacturing and trafficking of alcohol and tobacco products that avoid paying the federal excise taxes on these products .	0.674	be paying on	the federal excise taxes	these products
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .	0.653	put as high as $ 100 million	The pilots	the amount
Because the Japanese `` alphabet '' is so huge , Japan has no history of typewriter use , and so `` keyboard allergy , '' especially among older workers , remains a common affliction .	0.804	has	Japan	no history of typewriter use
Because the Japanese `` alphabet '' is so huge , Japan has no history of typewriter use , and so `` keyboard allergy , '' especially among older workers , remains a common affliction .	0.792	remains	keyboard allergy	a common affliction
Because the Japanese `` alphabet '' is so huge , Japan has no history of typewriter use , and so `` keyboard allergy , '' especially among older workers , remains a common affliction .	0.654	is so	the Japanese `` alphabet	huge
Because the Japanese `` alphabet '' is so huge , Japan has no history of typewriter use , and so `` keyboard allergy , '' especially among older workers , remains a common affliction .	0.392	be keyboard allergy among	a common affliction	older workers
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .	0.743	Sometimes would be drag across	his keychain	the terminal
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .	0.589	Sometimes would drag his keychain across	he	the terminal
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .	0.426	Sometimes would drag	he	his keychain
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .	0.398	Sometimes would drag his keychain to create	he	static
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .	0.214	seemed to be into	the hacker	a sensitive file
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .	0.128	to be into	the hacker	a sensitive file
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	0.91	finally rendezvoused with	We	our balloon which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	0.785	be cramming into	it and the basket	the trailer
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	0.679	disassemble our craft	us	another half
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	0.675	be yanking to	the balloon	the ground
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	0.202	disassemble another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer	us	our craft
He is buried at Trinity Memorial Gardens in Trinity , Florida .	0.882	is buried at	He	Trinity Memorial Gardens
He is buried at Trinity Memorial Gardens in Trinity , Florida .	0.516	is buried in	He	Trinity Memorial Gardens
The previously unincorporated communities of Winfield , Okanagan Centre , Oyama , and Carr 's Landing were united to form the new municipality , and they remain as separate wards within it .	0.881	remain as	they	separate wards
The previously unincorporated communities of Winfield , Okanagan Centre , Oyama , and Carr 's Landing were united to form the new municipality , and they remain as separate wards within it .	0.629	were united to form	they	the new municipality
And with Al 's record of being a delver and a detail guy , you can see how the two fit , '' said Alan Gottesman , an analyst with PaineWebber .	0.747	can see with	you	Al 's record
And with Al 's record of being a delver and a detail guy , you can see how the two fit , '' said Alan Gottesman , an analyst with PaineWebber .	0.524	be an analyst with	Alan Gottesman	PaineWebber
And with Al 's record of being a delver and a detail guy , you can see how the two fit , '' said Alan Gottesman , an analyst with PaineWebber .	0.433	said of	Alan Gottesman	you
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''	0.752	be based on	sales	a few days ' events
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''	0.51	do n't tell much October 's trends	sales based on a few days ' events	you
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .	0.799	do n't appear to worry	Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad	the U.S.
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .	0.455	be principal ally of	the U.S.	Japan
He became the first code-crosser to play test rugby league for Australia a second time after returning from rugby union .	0.727	to be play for	test rugby league	Australia a second time
He became the first code-crosser to play test rugby league for Australia a second time after returning from rugby union .	0.7	became	He	the first code-crosser
The lodge is open from mid-May to mid-October , with two weeks starting in the end of August reserved for the Dartmouth First-Year Trips .	0.852	is open from	The lodge	mid-May
The lodge is open from mid-May to mid-October , with two weeks starting in the end of August reserved for the Dartmouth First-Year Trips .	0.822	is open with	The lodge	two weeks starting in the end of August
The lodge is open from mid-May to mid-October , with two weeks starting in the end of August reserved for the Dartmouth First-Year Trips .	0.8	reserved for	open	the Dartmouth First-Year Trips
The lodge is open from mid-May to mid-October , with two weeks starting in the end of August reserved for the Dartmouth First-Year Trips .	0.746	is	The lodge	open
The lodge is open from mid-May to mid-October , with two weeks starting in the end of August reserved for the Dartmouth First-Year Trips .	0.724	is open to	The lodge	mid-October
The lodge is open from mid-May to mid-October , with two weeks starting in the end of August reserved for the Dartmouth First-Year Trips .	0.636	starting in	two weeks	the end of August
Many of his fighter designs were produced in large numbers for Soviet forces during World War II .	0.951	were produced in	Many of his fighter designs	large numbers
Many of his fighter designs were produced in large numbers for Soviet forces during World War II .	0.938	were produced for	Many of his fighter designs	Soviet forces
This led morning show host Ryan Cameron to lobby for a frequency change for WHTA by putting together a petition from listeners at the risk of losing his job under Radio One 's management .	0.846	to lobby for	morning show host Ryan Cameron	a frequency change
This led morning show host Ryan Cameron to lobby for a frequency change for WHTA by putting together a petition from listeners at the risk of losing his job under Radio One 's management .	0.743	be losing under	his job	Radio One 's management
This led morning show host Ryan Cameron to lobby for a frequency change for WHTA by putting together a petition from listeners at the risk of losing his job under Radio One 's management .	0.718	be putting together at	a petition	the risk losing his job under Radio One 's management
China 's parliament ousted two Hong Kong residents from a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony .	0.931	ousted two Hong Kong residents from	China 's parliament	a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony
China 's parliament ousted two Hong Kong residents from a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony .	0.85	be ousted from	two Hong Kong residents	a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony
China 's parliament ousted two Hong Kong residents from a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony .	0.828	ousted	China 's parliament	two Hong Kong residents
Alexander marched his army east through Cappadocia , where , for a stretch of nearly , there was no water .	0.878	marched his army east through	Alexander	Cappadocia
Alexander marched his army east through Cappadocia , where , for a stretch of nearly , there was no water .	0.761	was for	no water	a stretch of nearly
Alexander marched his army east through Cappadocia , where , for a stretch of nearly , there was no water .	0.711	be marched east through	his army	Cappadocia
Alexander marched his army east through Cappadocia , where , for a stretch of nearly , there was no water .	0.613	marched east	Alexander	his army
Deva has moved to Mumbai and is residing at Boney Kapoor 's old place called Green Acres .	0.68	has moved is to	Deva	Mumbai
Deva has moved to Mumbai and is residing at Boney Kapoor 's old place called Green Acres .	0.577	has is residing at	Deva	Boney Kapoor 's old place
Deva has moved to Mumbai and is residing at Boney Kapoor 's old place called Green Acres .	0.494	has moved is to	Green Acres	Mumbai
Deva has moved to Mumbai and is residing at Boney Kapoor 's old place called Green Acres .	0.386	has is residing at	Green Acres	Boney Kapoor 's old place
However , the age requirement was dropped in 2004 to avoid breaking new European Union discrimination laws .	0.907	However was dropped in	the age requirement	2004
The trilogy was released on vinyl by Ipecac Recordings .	0.929	was released on	The trilogy	vinyl
The trilogy was released on vinyl by Ipecac Recordings .	0.883	was released by	The trilogy	Ipecac Recordings
The trilogy was released on vinyl by Ipecac Recordings .	0.654	was released in	The trilogy	vinyl
Tyabb also has Tyabb Airport , a private airfield which has been operating for more than thirty years .	0.742	also has	Tyabb	Tyabb Airport
Obviously the epilogue was not an afterthought supplied too late for the English edition , for it is referred to in `` The Castaway '' : `` in the sequel of the narrative , it will then be seen what like abandonment befell myself . ''	0.731	Obviously supplied too late for	not an afterthought	the English edition
Obviously the epilogue was not an afterthought supplied too late for the English edition , for it is referred to in `` The Castaway '' : `` in the sequel of the narrative , it will then be seen what like abandonment befell myself . ''	0.723	Obviously supplied too	not an afterthought	late
Obviously the epilogue was not an afterthought supplied too late for the English edition , for it is referred to in `` The Castaway '' : `` in the sequel of the narrative , it will then be seen what like abandonment befell myself . ''	0.718	is referred in	it	The Castaway
Obviously the epilogue was not an afterthought supplied too late for the English edition , for it is referred to in `` The Castaway '' : `` in the sequel of the narrative , it will then be seen what like abandonment befell myself . ''	0.656	Obviously supplied too late in	not an afterthought	the sequel of the narrative
Obviously the epilogue was not an afterthought supplied too late for the English edition , for it is referred to in `` The Castaway '' : `` in the sequel of the narrative , it will then be seen what like abandonment befell myself . ''	0.642	was	the epilogue	not an afterthought
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .	0.83	reported in	the Commerce Department	yesterday
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .	0.807	reported	the Commerce Department	new home sales
In 2012 , Bloomberg Businessweek voted San Francisco as America 's Best City .	0.903	voted San Francisco as	Bloomberg Businessweek	America 's Best City
In 2012 , Bloomberg Businessweek voted San Francisco as America 's Best City .	0.83	voted	Bloomberg Businessweek	San Francisco
In 2012 , Bloomberg Businessweek voted San Francisco as America 's Best City .	0.795	be voted as	San Francisco	America 's Best City
In 2012 , Bloomberg Businessweek voted San Francisco as America 's Best City .	0.728	voted San Francisco in	Bloomberg Businessweek	2012
In 2012 , Bloomberg Businessweek voted San Francisco as America 's Best City .	0.589	be voted in	San Francisco	2012
Sukhum functioned as the capital of the `` Union treaty '' Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic associated with the Georgian SSR from 1921 until 1931 , when it became the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Georgian SSR .	0.916	functioned as	Sukhum	the capital of the `` Union treaty
Sukhum functioned as the capital of the `` Union treaty '' Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic associated with the Georgian SSR from 1921 until 1931 , when it became the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Georgian SSR .	0.901	became the capital of	it	the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic
Sukhum functioned as the capital of the `` Union treaty '' Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic associated with the Georgian SSR from 1921 until 1931 , when it became the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Georgian SSR .	0.758	became the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within	it	the Georgian SSR
Sukhum functioned as the capital of the `` Union treaty '' Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic associated with the Georgian SSR from 1921 until 1931 , when it became the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Georgian SSR .	0.754	functioned until	Sukhum	1931
Sukhum functioned as the capital of the `` Union treaty '' Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic associated with the Georgian SSR from 1921 until 1931 , when it became the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Georgian SSR .	0.754	be associated from	Soviet Socialist Republic	1921
Sukhum functioned as the capital of the `` Union treaty '' Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic associated with the Georgian SSR from 1921 until 1931 , when it became the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Georgian SSR .	0.754	be associated with	Soviet Socialist Republic	the Georgian SSR
Sukhum functioned as the capital of the `` Union treaty '' Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic associated with the Georgian SSR from 1921 until 1931 , when it became the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Georgian SSR .	0.754	became	it	the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic
Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 .	0.533	represents	its regular charge	an extreme case
Love was ordered to be arrested on 14 May 1651 , and was committed close prisoner to the Tower of London for high treason .	0.897	was committed close prisoner to	Love	the Tower of London
Love was ordered to be arrested on 14 May 1651 , and was committed close prisoner to the Tower of London for high treason .	0.816	was committed close prisoner for	Love	high treason
Love was ordered to be arrested on 14 May 1651 , and was committed close prisoner to the Tower of London for high treason .	0.654	was committed	Love	close prisoner
It was elevated further as the Diocese of Pyongyang on 10 March 1962 .	0.919	was elevated further as	It	the Diocese of Pyongyang
Even `` voluntary intoxication '' can be used as a defense to a `` specific intent '' crime , whereas only `` involuntary intoxication '' can be used as a defense to a general intent crime .	0.925	can be used as	involuntary intoxication	a defense
Even `` voluntary intoxication '' can be used as a defense to a `` specific intent '' crime , whereas only `` involuntary intoxication '' can be used as a defense to a general intent crime .	0.925	can be used as	voluntary intoxication	a defense
Mr. Robinson of Delta & Pine , the seed producer in Scott , Miss. , said Plant Genetic 's success in creating genetically engineered male steriles does n't automatically mean it would be simple to create hybrids in all crops .	0.734	would be	it	simple
Mr. Robinson of Delta & Pine , the seed producer in Scott , Miss. , said Plant Genetic 's success in creating genetically engineered male steriles does n't automatically mean it would be simple to create hybrids in all crops .	0.697	to be create in	hybrids	all crops
Mr. Robinson of Delta & Pine , the seed producer in Scott , Miss. , said Plant Genetic 's success in creating genetically engineered male steriles does n't automatically mean it would be simple to create hybrids in all crops .	0.403	be the seed producer in	Delta	Scott
Mr. Robinson of Delta & Pine , the seed producer in Scott , Miss. , said Plant Genetic 's success in creating genetically engineered male steriles does n't automatically mean it would be simple to create hybrids in all crops .	0.082	be the seed producer in	Scott	Miss
Larger geographical areas , called Territories , are led by a Territorial Commander , who is the highest-ranking officer in that Territory .	0.914	are led by	Larger geographical areas	a Territorial Commander
Larger geographical areas , called Territories , are led by a Territorial Commander , who is the highest-ranking officer in that Territory .	0.773	is the highest-ranking officer in	a Territorial Commander	that Territory
The gauge sender is usually a magnetically coupled arrangement , with a float arm inside the tank rotating a magnet , which rotates an external gauge .	0.908	is usually a magnetically coupled arrangement with	The gauge sender	a float arm
The gauge sender is usually a magnetically coupled arrangement , with a float arm inside the tank rotating a magnet , which rotates an external gauge .	0.717	is usually	The gauge sender	a magnetically coupled arrangement
The gauge sender is usually a magnetically coupled arrangement , with a float arm inside the tank rotating a magnet , which rotates an external gauge .	0.564	be rotates by	an external gauge	a magnet
The main reason for this adoption over mainline gimp was its support for high bit depths which can be required for film work .	0.929	was its support for	The main reason	high bit depths which can be required for film work
The main reason for this adoption over mainline gimp was its support for high bit depths which can be required for film work .	0.616	was	The main reason	its support
The main reason for this adoption over mainline gimp was its support for high bit depths which can be required for film work .	0.547	be The main reason for	its support	this adoption
The main reason for this adoption over mainline gimp was its support for high bit depths which can be required for film work .	0.451	be The main reason over	its support	mainline gimp
Hawker Pacific Aerospace is a MRO-Service company which offers landing gear and hydraulic MRO services for all major aircraft types .	0.814	is	Hawker Pacific Aerospace	a MRO-Service company which offers landing gear and hydraulic MRO services for all major aircraft types
Hawker Pacific Aerospace is a MRO-Service company which offers landing gear and hydraulic MRO services for all major aircraft types .	0.778	offers landing gear for	a MRO-Service company	all major aircraft types
Hawker Pacific Aerospace is a MRO-Service company which offers landing gear and hydraulic MRO services for all major aircraft types .	0.708	offers hydraulic MRO services for	a MRO-Service company	all major aircraft types
Hawker Pacific Aerospace is a MRO-Service company which offers landing gear and hydraulic MRO services for all major aircraft types .	0.564	be offers by	landing gear and hydraulic MRO services	a MRO-Service company
Making a campaign appearance in Ennis on 15 August , de Valera was arrested on the platform and interned at Arbour Hill prison until 1924 .	0.88	was arrested on	Valera	the platform
Making a campaign appearance in Ennis on 15 August , de Valera was arrested on the platform and interned at Arbour Hill prison until 1924 .	0.514	was arrested in	Valera	the platform
Sligo town then became an incorporated municipal borough with a Royal Charter issued by the British King James I in 1613/14 .	0.79	then became	Sligo town	an incorporated municipal borough
Sligo town then became an incorporated municipal borough with a Royal Charter issued by the British King James I in 1613/14 .	0.641	be issued by	a Royal Charter	the British King James
In order to allow him to retain his title , Emily went to gatherings of engineers and politicians to defend her husband .	0.911	went to	Emily	gatherings of engineers
In order to allow him to retain his title , Emily went to gatherings of engineers and politicians to defend her husband .	0.719	to defend	Emily	her husband
In order to allow him to retain his title , Emily went to gatherings of engineers and politicians to defend her husband .	0.653	went to defend	Emily	her husband
In order to allow him to retain his title , Emily went to gatherings of engineers and politicians to defend her husband .	0.562	to retain	him	his title
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .	0.599	be making on	distributions	its units outstanding
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .	0.559	largely restrict	the provisions of its senior notes	it
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .	0.472	is proposing	it	the change
In a recent study on the impact of Hurricane Katrina on marital and partner relationships , researchers found that while many reported negative changes in their relationships , a number also experienced positive changes .	0.759	also experienced	a number	positive changes
In a recent study on the impact of Hurricane Katrina on marital and partner relationships , researchers found that while many reported negative changes in their relationships , a number also experienced positive changes .	0.751	reported	many	negative changes
In a recent study on the impact of Hurricane Katrina on marital and partner relationships , researchers found that while many reported negative changes in their relationships , a number also experienced positive changes .	0.642	found in	researchers	a recent study
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .	0.866	would have been eligible for	only 28 defendants	federal death sentences
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .	0.303	would have been eligible in	only 28 defendants	fact
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .	0.218	had been in	the Thurmond bill	effect
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .	0.159	had been in	the Thurmond bill	the past three years
The use of high ranking , anonymous sources has caused numerous scandals for the Bush Administration , most notably the Plame Affair .	0.785	has caused	anonymous sources	numerous scandals
Cal Meuzelaar , a social worker at Pine Rest 's Des Moines , Iowa clinic has completed his transcontinental bicycle tour on September 28 , by finishing the final into Des Moines .	0.623	has completed his transcontinental bicycle tour on	Cal Meuzelaar	September 28
Cal Meuzelaar , a social worker at Pine Rest 's Des Moines , Iowa clinic has completed his transcontinental bicycle tour on September 28 , by finishing the final into Des Moines .	0.574	be a social worker at	Cal Meuzelaar	Pine Rest 's Des Moines
Cal Meuzelaar , a social worker at Pine Rest 's Des Moines , Iowa clinic has completed his transcontinental bicycle tour on September 28 , by finishing the final into Des Moines .	0.558	has completed	Cal Meuzelaar	his transcontinental bicycle tour
Throughout the 1950s , Turkish Cypriots emigrated for economic reasons and by 1958 their number was estimated to be 8,500 .	0.81	was estimated by	their number	1958
Throughout the 1950s , Turkish Cypriots emigrated for economic reasons and by 1958 their number was estimated to be 8,500 .	0.807	was estimated	their number	8,500
Throughout the 1950s , Turkish Cypriots emigrated for economic reasons and by 1958 their number was estimated to be 8,500 .	0.752	be emigrated for	Turkish Cypriots	economic reasons
Vernon E. Jordan was elected to the board of this transportation services concern .	0.945	was elected to	Vernon E. Jordan	the board of this transportation services concern
State - owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .	0.396	be former manager of	Christopher Drogoul	the branch
State - owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .	0.355	be largest bank of	BNL	Italy
Ladd has won a Golden Globe and a BAFTA and has been nominated three times for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress .	0.506	has has been nominated	Ladd	three times
Ladd has won a Golden Globe and a BAFTA and has been nominated three times for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress .	0.406	has won has	Ladd	a Golden Globe and a BAFTA
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .	0.792	are going to be reveling in	these boys of summers long past	an Indian summer of the soul
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .	0.44	are going for	these boys of summers long past	the next few months
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .	0.797	Thus would have to make	a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion	three trips
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .	0.768	to make	a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion	three trips
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .	0.642	be administered via	the prostaglandin	injection or vaginal suppository
The Security Wing is responsible for a range of security-related matters including VIP protection , counter-terrorism and security co-ordination .	0.837	is responsible for	The Security Wing	a range of security-related matters
The Security Wing is responsible for a range of security-related matters including VIP protection , counter-terrorism and security co-ordination .	0.734	is	The Security Wing	responsible
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .	0.851	said	Mr. Demler	stocks of copper
The fight resulted in a draw by decision , thus Walcott retained his title .	0.913	resulted in	The fight	a draw
The fight resulted in a draw by decision , thus Walcott retained his title .	0.653	thus retained	Walcott	his title
In October 2008 , Bond apologized to former U.S. Attorney Todd Graves , after a U.S. Justice Department report cited Bond for forcing Graves out over a disagreement with Representative Sam Graves .	0.767	apologized to	Bond	former U.S. Attorney Todd Graves
In October 2008 , Bond apologized to former U.S. Attorney Todd Graves , after a U.S. Justice Department report cited Bond for forcing Graves out over a disagreement with Representative Sam Graves .	0.719	cited	a U.S. Justice Department report	Bond
In October 2008 , Bond apologized to former U.S. Attorney Todd Graves , after a U.S. Justice Department report cited Bond for forcing Graves out over a disagreement with Representative Sam Graves .	0.544	apologized in	Bond	October 2008
The second was titled `` Consider Her Ways '' and also starred Barrie as the lead named Jane Waterleigh .	0.818	be also starred as	Barrie	the lead named Jane Waterleigh
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .	0.926	was to see more than 60 % of adults under	One of the council 's goals	65 years of age
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .	0.895	was to see	One of the council 's goals	than 60 % of adults
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .	0.87	to see more than 60 % of adults under	One of the council 's goals	65 years of age
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .	0.861	to see	One of the council 's goals	than 60 % of adults
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .	0.761	to be see under	than 60 % of adults	65 years of age
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .	0.724	be getting by	vigorous exercise	1990
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .	0.706	be set in	the council 's goals	1980
It was thought that she suffered from tuberculosis , but some historians believe an intestinal disorder was more likely .	0.722	suffered from	she	tuberculosis
It was thought that she suffered from tuberculosis , but some historians believe an intestinal disorder was more likely .	0.706	was	an intestinal disorder	likely
Wright was the subject of `` This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	0.903	surprised him at	Michael Aspel	Thames Television 's Teddington Studios
Wright was the subject of `` This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	0.856	Is Your Life in	the subject of `` This	May 1961
Wright was the subject of `` This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	0.856	Is Your Life on	the subject of `` This	two occasions
Wright was the subject of `` This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	0.828	was surprised by	he	Eamonn Andrews
Wright was the subject of `` This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	0.8	surprised	Michael Aspel	him
Wright was the subject of `` This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	0.686	be surprised at	him	Thames Television 's Teddington Studios
Wright was the subject of `` This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	0.581	was	Wright	the subject of `` This
Wright was the subject of `` This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	0.576	Is	the subject of `` This	Your Life
In November 1982 the Ministry of Education adopted a new authorization criterion , the so-called `` Neighboring Country Clause '' : Textbooks ought to show understanding and seek international harmony in their treatment of modern and contemporary historical events involving neighboring Asian countries .	0.755	adopted	the Ministry of Education	a new authorization criterion
In November 1982 the Ministry of Education adopted a new authorization criterion , the so-called `` Neighboring Country Clause '' : Textbooks ought to show understanding and seek international harmony in their treatment of modern and contemporary historical events involving neighboring Asian countries .	0.483	be adopted in	a new authorization criterion	November 1982
In November 1982 the Ministry of Education adopted a new authorization criterion , the so-called `` Neighboring Country Clause '' : Textbooks ought to show understanding and seek international harmony in their treatment of modern and contemporary historical events involving neighboring Asian countries .	0.399	adopted a new authorization criterion , the so-called `` Neighboring Country Clause '' : Textbooks ought to show understanding and seek international harmony in their treatment of modern and contemporary historical events involving neighboring Asian countries in	the Ministry of Education	November 1982
In November 1982 the Ministry of Education adopted a new authorization criterion , the so-called `` Neighboring Country Clause '' : Textbooks ought to show understanding and seek international harmony in their treatment of modern and contemporary historical events involving neighboring Asian countries .	0.16	adopted a new authorization criterion , the so-called `` Neighboring Country Clause '' : Textbooks ought to show understanding and seek international harmony in their treatment of modern and contemporary historical events involving neighboring Asian countries	the Ministry of Education	November 1982
Upon recrystallization of the crude product , the optically pure nitrile can be obtained .	0.81	can be obtained upon	the optically pure nitrile	recrystallization of the crude product
But they have been at odds over how much Mr. Hunt would owe the government after his assets are sold .	0.847	have been at	they	odds
But they have been at odds over how much Mr. Hunt would owe the government after his assets are sold .	0.66	would owe	Mr. Hunt	the government
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .	0.762	would have to give investors	the company	higher yields
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .	0.707	cut	Beatrice	its high - yield offering
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .	0.679	to give investors	the company	higher yields
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .	0.412	became	it	clear
This sparked a renewed interest in the song causing it to be playlisted on radio .	0.869	to be playlisted on	it	radio
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .	0.774	plan to scale back	they	planned high - yield offerings
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .	0.597	have said have since	several issues	the recent deterioration of the junk
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .	0.805	be Describing as	itself	rich
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .	0.679	will move immediately to sell	it	two ports
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .	0.652	to sell	it	two ports
At a presentation in the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar , Celine Dion helped the newly solvent airline debut its new image .	0.797	helped the newly solvent airline debut its new image at	Celine Dion	a presentation
At a presentation in the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar , Celine Dion helped the newly solvent airline debut its new image .	0.784	helped	Celine Dion	the newly solvent airline debut
At a presentation in the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar , Celine Dion helped the newly solvent airline debut its new image .	0.49	be helped at	the newly solvent airline debut	a presentation
It includes thirty-two elementary schools , nine middle schools , ten high schools and one charter school .	0.639	includes	It	thirty-two elementary schools
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .	0.804	wo n't disrupt	The unusual seaborne meeting	plans
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .	0.735	is	control treaty	likely
Licensed brands include Disney , Marvel , Mattel and Nickelodeon .	0.756	include	Licensed brands	Disney , Marvel , Mattel and Nickelodeon
As part of the arrangement , NHPTV began to follow PBS 's national schedule in tandem with WGBH-TV on September 30 , 2012 , and master control operations were relocated to the WGBH studios in Boston .	0.925	were relocated to	master control operations	the WGBH studios
As part of the arrangement , NHPTV began to follow PBS 's national schedule in tandem with WGBH-TV on September 30 , 2012 , and master control operations were relocated to the WGBH studios in Boston .	0.704	began to follow	NHPTV	PBS 's national schedule
As part of the arrangement , NHPTV began to follow PBS 's national schedule in tandem with WGBH-TV on September 30 , 2012 , and master control operations were relocated to the WGBH studios in Boston .	0.644	to be follow on	PBS 's national schedule	September 30 , 2012
As part of the arrangement , NHPTV began to follow PBS 's national schedule in tandem with WGBH-TV on September 30 , 2012 , and master control operations were relocated to the WGBH studios in Boston .	0.635	to follow	NHPTV	PBS 's national schedule
As part of the arrangement , NHPTV began to follow PBS 's national schedule in tandem with WGBH-TV on September 30 , 2012 , and master control operations were relocated to the WGBH studios in Boston .	0.624	began as	NHPTV	part of the arrangement
As part of the arrangement , NHPTV began to follow PBS 's national schedule in tandem with WGBH-TV on September 30 , 2012 , and master control operations were relocated to the WGBH studios in Boston .	0.561	began to follow PBS 's national schedule in tandem with WGBH-TV on	NHPTV	September 30 , 2012
As part of the arrangement , NHPTV began to follow PBS 's national schedule in tandem with WGBH-TV on September 30 , 2012 , and master control operations were relocated to the WGBH studios in Boston .	0.407	to follow PBS 's national schedule in tandem with WGBH-TV on	NHPTV	September 30 , 2012
As part of the arrangement , NHPTV began to follow PBS 's national schedule in tandem with WGBH-TV on September 30 , 2012 , and master control operations were relocated to the WGBH studios in Boston .	0.117	be part of	NHPTV	the arrangement
This also brings her into regular contact with Robin , on whom she has a bit of a crush .	0.591	has	she	a bit of a crush
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run .	0.809	be increasing from	the number of PCs it uses	66
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run .	0.743	be increasing to	the number of PCs it uses	1,000
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run .	0.621	is run in	the company	the way
The APL has often been used by plaintiffs asserting that local governments have illegally taken land or imposed taxes .	0.945	has often been used by	The APL	plaintiffs asserting that local governments have illegally taken land or imposed taxes
The APL has often been used by plaintiffs asserting that local governments have illegally taken land or imposed taxes .	0.694	have illegally taken	local governments	land or imposed taxes
While the infantry based part of the doctrine demanded `` powerful tanks '' and `` tankettes '' , the shock Army demanded `` manoeuvre tanks '' used in conjunction with motorized forces and `` mechanized cavalry '' that would operate in depth as `` strategic cavalry '' combined with nascent airborne troops .	0.814	demanded	Army	tanks used in conjunction with motorized forces and `` mechanized cavalry ''
While the infantry based part of the doctrine demanded `` powerful tanks '' and `` tankettes '' , the shock Army demanded `` manoeuvre tanks '' used in conjunction with motorized forces and `` mechanized cavalry '' that would operate in depth as `` strategic cavalry '' combined with nascent airborne troops .	0.741	be combined with	strategic cavalry	nascent airborne troops
While the infantry based part of the doctrine demanded `` powerful tanks '' and `` tankettes '' , the shock Army demanded `` manoeuvre tanks '' used in conjunction with motorized forces and `` mechanized cavalry '' that would operate in depth as `` strategic cavalry '' combined with nascent airborne troops .	0.699	demanded	based part of the doctrine	powerful tanks '' and `` tankettes
While the infantry based part of the doctrine demanded `` powerful tanks '' and `` tankettes '' , the shock Army demanded `` manoeuvre tanks '' used in conjunction with motorized forces and `` mechanized cavalry '' that would operate in depth as `` strategic cavalry '' combined with nascent airborne troops .	0.598	be used in	tanks	conjunction
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .	0.913	came under	The judge	scrutiny
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .	0.847	came in	The judge	late 1987
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .	0.751	launched	the state attorney general 's office	an unrelated investigation
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .	0.718	launched into	the state attorney general 's office	corruption
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .	0.331	came to	late 1987	The judge
The engine had twin turbochargers , and produced an advertised at 5700 rpm and of torque on 8 lbs of boost .	0.877	produced	The engine	an advertised at 5700 rpm and of torque
The engine had twin turbochargers , and produced an advertised at 5700 rpm and of torque on 8 lbs of boost .	0.778	had twin	The engine	turbochargers
According to the 2010 census , the population of the town is 2,310 .	0.75	is	the population of the town	2,310
According to the 2010 census , the population of the town is 2,310 .	0.456	be the population of	2,310	the town
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .	0.711	could easily merge	he	Pinkerton 's operations
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .	0.654	could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with	he	his own
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .	0.64	be already operated in	two	many of the same cities
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .	0.581	could be easily merge with	Pinkerton 's operations	his own
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .	0.9	traded at	The 10 3\/4 % debentures last	35
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .	0.76	will be sticking to	The key	a security company
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .	0.78	were	some investors	reluctant
Drugs available for the treatment of influenza include amantadine , which inhibits the uncoating of virions by interfering with M2 , and oseltamivir , which inhibits the release of virions from infected cells by interfering with NA .	0.788	include	available	amantadine which inhibits the uncoating of virions by interfering with M2 , and oseltamivir ,
Drugs available for the treatment of influenza include amantadine , which inhibits the uncoating of virions by interfering with M2 , and oseltamivir , which inhibits the release of virions from infected cells by interfering with NA .	0.564	be inhibits by	the uncoating of virions	amantadine
Drugs available for the treatment of influenza include amantadine , which inhibits the uncoating of virions by interfering with M2 , and oseltamivir , which inhibits the release of virions from infected cells by interfering with NA .	0.548	be inhibits by	the release of virions	M2 , and oseltamivir
Drugs available for the treatment of influenza include amantadine , which inhibits the uncoating of virions by interfering with M2 , and oseltamivir , which inhibits the release of virions from infected cells by interfering with NA .	0.422	be available for	Drugs	the treatment of influenza
Emma assures him that grades do not always classify a person as ` gifted ' .	0.712	do not always classify	grades	a person
Typically the flow rate varies from 30 gallons per hour for the smallest ships to 90GPH for the largest ships .	0.797	Typically to 90GPH for	the flow rate varies	the largest ships
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .	0.783	criticized	Sen. John Kerry	the proposal
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .	0.62	be oversees by	the issue of money laundering	a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .	0.537	criticized	D.	the proposal
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .	0.792	agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from	it	Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .	0.75	agreed to buy	it	229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .	0.687	to buy	it	229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .	0.671	to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from	it	Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .	0.631	be a unit of	Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.	Dylex Ltd. of Toronto
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .	0.623	to be buy from	229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores	Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
The arc ends with Carl riding the Deep Crow , in an homage to the film The Neverending Story .	0.694	be riding in	the Deep Crow	an homage
The arc ends with Carl riding the Deep Crow , in an homage to the film The Neverending Story .	0.607	be riding to	the Deep Crow	the film
The arc ends with Carl riding the Deep Crow , in an homage to the film The Neverending Story .	0.495	riding the Deep Crow , in	Carl	an homage
The arc ends with Carl riding the Deep Crow , in an homage to the film The Neverending Story .	0.342	riding the Deep Crow , to	Carl	the film
The arc ends with Carl riding the Deep Crow , in an homage to the film The Neverending Story .	0.307	riding	Carl	the Deep Crow
West of the Carmans River near Southaven County Park in South Haven , there was a plan to combine the eastbound service road with Montauk Highway , similar to the Oakdale Merge .	0.624	to be combine with	the eastbound service road	Montauk Highway
Although the Algeciras Conference temporarily solved the First Moroccan Crisis , it only worsened the tensions between the Triple Alliance and Triple Entente that ultimately led to the First World War .	0.75	only worsened	it	the tensions
Although the Algeciras Conference temporarily solved the First Moroccan Crisis , it only worsened the tensions between the Triple Alliance and Triple Entente that ultimately led to the First World War .	0.728	ultimately led to	the Triple Alliance and Triple Entente	the First World War
Although the Algeciras Conference temporarily solved the First Moroccan Crisis , it only worsened the tensions between the Triple Alliance and Triple Entente that ultimately led to the First World War .	0.659	temporarily solved	the Algeciras Conference	the First Moroccan Crisis
Both were right wingers who wore the number 9 , were frequently contenders for the league scoring title , and could also play rough if needed .	0.864	were frequently contenders could for	right wingers who wore the number 9	the league scoring title
Both were right wingers who wore the number 9 , were frequently contenders for the league scoring title , and could also play rough if needed .	0.716	could also play	right wingers who wore the number 9	rough
Both were right wingers who wore the number 9 , were frequently contenders for the league scoring title , and could also play rough if needed .	0.707	were frequently could	right wingers who wore the number 9	contenders
About 2.4 % of families and 3.5 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 4.3 % of those under age 18 and 4.1 % of those age 65 or over .	0.902	were including	About 2.4 % of families and 3.5 % of the population	4.3 % of those under age 18 and 4.1 % of those
About 2.4 % of families and 3.5 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 4.3 % of those under age 18 and 4.1 % of those age 65 or over .	0.894	were below	About 2.4 % of families and 3.5 % of the population	the poverty line
XM did offer a free month of service to subscribers who called in complaints of the suspension .	0.85	did offer to	a free month of service	subscribers who called in complaints of the suspension
XM did offer a free month of service to subscribers who called in complaints of the suspension .	0.808	did offer a free month of service to	XM	subscribers who called in complaints of the suspension
XM did offer a free month of service to subscribers who called in complaints of the suspension .	0.798	called in	subscribers	complaints of the suspension
XM did offer a free month of service to subscribers who called in complaints of the suspension .	0.742	did offer	XM	a free month of service
XM did offer a free month of service to subscribers who called in complaints of the suspension .	0.501	be a free month of	XM	service
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .	0.354	be a nation 's total output of	GNP	goods and services
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .	0.229	be total output of goods of	GNP	a nation
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive-bombers , `` Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .	0.877	sank two small enemy freighters with	February	her guns
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive-bombers , `` Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .	0.812	sank two small enemy freighters on	the invasion	the night of 25
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive-bombers , `` Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .	0.808	sank	February	two small enemy freighters
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive-bombers , `` Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .	0.792	sank two small enemy freighters with	the invasion	her guns
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive-bombers , `` Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .	0.788	sank two small enemy freighters on	February	the night of 25
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive-bombers , `` Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .	0.717	be sank with	two small enemy freighters	her guns
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive-bombers , `` Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .	0.705	sank	the invasion	two small enemy freighters
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive-bombers , `` Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .	0.644	be sank on	two small enemy freighters	the night of 25
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive-bombers , `` Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .	0.266	attack from	constant	kamikazes
A Coke spokesman said he could n't say whether that is the direction of the talks .	0.655	said of	A Coke spokesman	he
Later , divorced , she met and fell deeply in-love with Gabriel Roche , a successful urban developer during the rebuilding years of France after World War II .	0.736	fell deeply	she	in-love
Later , divorced , she met and fell deeply in-love with Gabriel Roche , a successful urban developer during the rebuilding years of France after World War II .	0.726	fell deeply in-love with	she	Gabriel Roche
Later , divorced , she met and fell deeply in-love with Gabriel Roche , a successful urban developer during the rebuilding years of France after World War II .	0.673	be a successful urban developer during	Gabriel Roche	the rebuilding years of France
Later , divorced , she met and fell deeply in-love with Gabriel Roche , a successful urban developer during the rebuilding years of France after World War II .	0.538	be a successful urban developer after	Gabriel Roche	World War II
The lyrics were dedicated to Tiger JK 's father who was diagnosed with lung cancer a few months before the album was released .	0.925	were dedicated to	The lyrics	Tiger JK 's father
Scientists investigating these survivors discover that each had abnormal blood pH. One , a baby , had respiratory alkalosis due to constant crying ; the other , an old man , drinks Sterno .	0.767	had	a baby	respiratory alkalosis
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .	0.655	be favors by	some kind of broad capital	a majority
The station has a concourse and ticket office area which was internally redesigned and reopened in mid-2012 .	0.82	has	The station	a concourse and ticket office area which was internally redesigned and reopened in mid-2012
In the 19th century , Belfast became Ireland 's pre-eminent industrial city with linen , heavy engineering , tobacco and shipbuilding dominating the economy .	0.899	became Ireland 's pre-eminent industrial city with	Belfast	linen
In the 19th century , Belfast became Ireland 's pre-eminent industrial city with linen , heavy engineering , tobacco and shipbuilding dominating the economy .	0.787	became	Belfast	Ireland 's pre-eminent industrial city with linen , heavy engineering , tobacco and shipbuilding
In the 19th century , Belfast became Ireland 's pre-eminent industrial city with linen , heavy engineering , tobacco and shipbuilding dominating the economy .	0.764	became Ireland 's pre-eminent industrial city in	Belfast	the 19th century
In the 19th century , Belfast became Ireland 's pre-eminent industrial city with linen , heavy engineering , tobacco and shipbuilding dominating the economy .	0.707	became pre-eminent industrial city of	Belfast	Ireland
In the 19th century , Belfast became Ireland 's pre-eminent industrial city with linen , heavy engineering , tobacco and shipbuilding dominating the economy .	0.446	became city with	industrial	linen
In the 19th century , Belfast became Ireland 's pre-eminent industrial city with linen , heavy engineering , tobacco and shipbuilding dominating the economy .	0.446	became industrial city with	pre-eminent	linen
In the 19th century , Belfast became Ireland 's pre-eminent industrial city with linen , heavy engineering , tobacco and shipbuilding dominating the economy .	0.429	became Ireland 's pre-eminent industrial city of	Belfast	the 19th century
In the 19th century , Belfast became Ireland 's pre-eminent industrial city with linen , heavy engineering , tobacco and shipbuilding dominating the economy .	0.273	became city in	industrial	the 19th century
In the 19th century , Belfast became Ireland 's pre-eminent industrial city with linen , heavy engineering , tobacco and shipbuilding dominating the economy .	0.273	became industrial city in	pre-eminent	the 19th century
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .	0.838	had been a `` break for	index arbitrage	the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .	0.812	rises with	index arbitrage	stock market 's volatility
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .	0.592	beginning in	the firm 's fiscal year	July
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .	0.546	rises with	stock	stock market 's volatility
That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to reinforce the hotel and defeat several attacks on the building .	0.767	to reinforce the hotel	300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion	several attacks
That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to reinforce the hotel and defeat several attacks on the building .	0.546	to reinforce several attacks on the building	300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion	the hotel
That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to reinforce the hotel and defeat several attacks on the building .	0.481	were	300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion	able
That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to reinforce the hotel and defeat several attacks on the building .	0.422	attacks on	several	the building
That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to reinforce the hotel and defeat several attacks on the building .	0.421	attacks	several	the building
That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to reinforce the hotel and defeat several attacks on the building .	0.384	be 300 soldiers of	able	the 1st SS Battalion
The Care Bears appeared in the 2007 St.Patrick 's Day Parade in Chicago , where , as grand marshal , Good Luck Bear ceremoneously dyed the Chicago River green from a motorboat .	0.908	appeared in	The Care Bears	the 2007 St.Patrick 's Day Parade
The Care Bears appeared in the 2007 St.Patrick 's Day Parade in Chicago , where , as grand marshal , Good Luck Bear ceremoneously dyed the Chicago River green from a motorboat .	0.903	ceremoneously dyed the Chicago River green from	Good Luck Bear	a motorboat
The Care Bears appeared in the 2007 St.Patrick 's Day Parade in Chicago , where , as grand marshal , Good Luck Bear ceremoneously dyed the Chicago River green from a motorboat .	0.842	ceremoneously dyed	Good Luck Bear	the Chicago River green
The Care Bears appeared in the 2007 St.Patrick 's Day Parade in Chicago , where , as grand marshal , Good Luck Bear ceremoneously dyed the Chicago River green from a motorboat .	0.779	be ceremoneously dyed from	the Chicago River green	a motorboat
The Care Bears appeared in the 2007 St.Patrick 's Day Parade in Chicago , where , as grand marshal , Good Luck Bear ceremoneously dyed the Chicago River green from a motorboat .	0.728	ceremoneously dyed the Chicago River green as	Good Luck Bear	grand marshal
The Care Bears appeared in the 2007 St.Patrick 's Day Parade in Chicago , where , as grand marshal , Good Luck Bear ceremoneously dyed the Chicago River green from a motorboat .	0.565	be ceremoneously dyed as	the Chicago River green	grand marshal
A meander of the Marne river divides the old city into the North Quarter and the South Quarter .	0.192	be city into	old	the North Quarter and the South Quarter
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''	0.724	to meet	George Bush	a foreign leader
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''	0.613	wanting to meet	George Bush	a foreign leader
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''	0.491	wanting to talk directly to	George Bush	him
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .	0.866	provides for	The plan	the distribution of one common stock
The economy of Ostrov is based on food , electronic , and textile industries .	0.914	is based on	The economy of Ostrov	food , electronic , and textile industries
However , technologies to speed up the Smith-Waterman process have been found to improve the time necessary to perform a search dramatically .	0.678	However to speed up	technologies	the Smith-Waterman process
Healthcare International Inc. said it reached a 120 - day standstill agreement with its HealthVest affiliate calling for Healthcare to pay HealthVest $ 5 million right away and additional amounts in the future .	0.75	reached	it	a 120 - day standstill agreement
Healthcare International Inc. said it reached a 120 - day standstill agreement with its HealthVest affiliate calling for Healthcare to pay HealthVest $ 5 million right away and additional amounts in the future .	0.731	to pay HealthVest	Healthcare	$ 5 million right away and additional amounts
Healthcare International Inc. said it reached a 120 - day standstill agreement with its HealthVest affiliate calling for Healthcare to pay HealthVest $ 5 million right away and additional amounts in the future .	0.677	said	Healthcare International Inc.	it
He made several practical inventions , the most notable of which was an `` index visible filing system '' which he patented in 1913 and sold to Kardex Rand in 1925 .	0.849	sold to	he	Kardex Rand
He made several practical inventions , the most notable of which was an `` index visible filing system '' which he patented in 1913 and sold to Kardex Rand in 1925 .	0.803	sold in	he	1925
He made several practical inventions , the most notable of which was an `` index visible filing system '' which he patented in 1913 and sold to Kardex Rand in 1925 .	0.751	made	He	several practical inventions , the most notable of which
He made several practical inventions , the most notable of which was an `` index visible filing system '' which he patented in 1913 and sold to Kardex Rand in 1925 .	0.691	which patented in	he	1913
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .	0.921	are followed by	The companies	at least three analysts
Chevalier fulfilled his promise the following year by erecting a shrine dedicated to the honour of Mary under the title of `` Our Lady of the Sacred Heart '' .	0.854	be dedicated to	a shrine	the honour of Mary
Chevalier fulfilled his promise the following year by erecting a shrine dedicated to the honour of Mary under the title of `` Our Lady of the Sacred Heart '' .	0.752	be dedicated under	a shrine	the title of `` Our Lady of the Sacred Heart
DePauw University awarded the degree `` Doctor of Divinity '' in 1892 .	0.908	awarded the degree `` Doctor of Divinity '' in	DePauw University	1892
DePauw University awarded the degree `` Doctor of Divinity '' in 1892 .	0.794	awarded	DePauw University	the degree
DePauw University awarded the degree `` Doctor of Divinity '' in 1892 .	0.779	be awarded in	the degree	1892
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .	0.89	live in	you	a small community
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .	0.787	is	The practice of law	a matter biting one 's lip when you live in a small community
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .	0.549	be The practice of	a matter biting one 's lip when you live in a small community	law
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .	0.788	has	the new brand	a butterfat content of 3.8 %
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .	0.835	scoffs at	Carl Schramm	capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .	0.744	be president of	Carl Schramm	the Health Insurance Association of America
The Undergraduate Admissions Office was transferred from the St. La Salle Hall in July 2006 and is now located on the ground floor of the Gonzalez Hall .	0.925	was transferred from	The Undergraduate Admissions Office	the St . La Salle Hall
The Undergraduate Admissions Office was transferred from the St. La Salle Hall in July 2006 and is now located on the ground floor of the Gonzalez Hall .	0.882	is now located on	The Undergraduate Admissions Office	the ground floor of the Gonzalez Hall
The Undergraduate Admissions Office was transferred from the St. La Salle Hall in July 2006 and is now located on the ground floor of the Gonzalez Hall .	0.868	was transferred in	The Undergraduate Admissions Office	July 2006
The Undergraduate Admissions Office was transferred from the St. La Salle Hall in July 2006 and is now located on the ground floor of the Gonzalez Hall .	0.517	is now located in	The Undergraduate Admissions Office	the ground floor of the Gonzalez Hall
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .	0.761	to slip to be	six Campaneris cards	the Great Man to be autographed
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .	0.693	feel like	I	a little kid
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .	0.776	had made	they	a good start
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .	0.722	told	Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev	the legislators
After graduation , Ciprian went on to study acting at the Bucharest Conservatory , where he was coached by Constantin Nottara .	0.858	was coached by	he	Constantin Nottara
After graduation , Ciprian went on to study acting at the Bucharest Conservatory , where he was coached by Constantin Nottara .	0.728	went after	Ciprian	graduation
After graduation , Ciprian went on to study acting at the Bucharest Conservatory , where he was coached by Constantin Nottara .	0.446	was coached in	he	the Bucharest Conservatory
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .	0.937	could be repaired after	the relationship	the acrimony of the legal battle
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .	0.874	said in	the producers	sworn court declarations
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .	0.682	to fulfill	the producers	the terms of their contract
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .	0.607	said	the producers	sworn court declarations
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .	0.192	said to	sworn court declarations	the producers
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .	0.723	rarely pay	Jewelry makers	commissions
The specialists , a trader said , were `` livid '' about Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that sophisticated computer - driven trading strategies are `` here to stay . ''	0.786	were livid about	The specialists	Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks
The specialists , a trader said , were `` livid '' about Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that sophisticated computer - driven trading strategies are `` here to stay . ''	0.764	were	The specialists	livid
A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people and injuring about 30 others , including two Americans , authorities said .	0.93	exploded at	A bomb	a leftist union hall
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .	0.841	Recently received	Probe	a broad U.S. patent
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .	0.702	Recently received	Gen	a broad U.S. patent
In 1638 the Prince-Archbishopric 's Lutheran Administrator Frederick II reopened St Peter 's as a Lutheran place of worship , while meanwhile all other churches in town had become Calvinist .	0.811	be reopened as	St Peter	a Lutheran place of worship
In 1638 the Prince-Archbishopric 's Lutheran Administrator Frederick II reopened St Peter 's as a Lutheran place of worship , while meanwhile all other churches in town had become Calvinist .	0.796	reopened St Peter 's as	the Prince-Archbishopric 's Lutheran Administrator Frederick II	a Lutheran place of worship
In 1638 the Prince-Archbishopric 's Lutheran Administrator Frederick II reopened St Peter 's as a Lutheran place of worship , while meanwhile all other churches in town had become Calvinist .	0.589	be reopened in	St Peter	1638
In 1638 the Prince-Archbishopric 's Lutheran Administrator Frederick II reopened St Peter 's as a Lutheran place of worship , while meanwhile all other churches in town had become Calvinist .	0.559	reopened	the Prince-Archbishopric 's Lutheran Administrator Frederick II	St Peter
In 1638 the Prince-Archbishopric 's Lutheran Administrator Frederick II reopened St Peter 's as a Lutheran place of worship , while meanwhile all other churches in town had become Calvinist .	0.505	reopened St Peter 's in	the Prince-Archbishopric 's Lutheran Administrator Frederick II	1638
In 1638 the Prince-Archbishopric 's Lutheran Administrator Frederick II reopened St Peter 's as a Lutheran place of worship , while meanwhile all other churches in town had become Calvinist .	0.369	be meanwhile all other churches in	Calvinist	town
All faculty and staff have access to a GroupWise e-mail system .	0.793	have	All faculty and staff	access
The scenes featuring dialogue include the opening scene of Benatar being thrown out of the house by her father and the scene featuring the pimp harassing the female dancer in which she shouts `` Leave me alone ! ''	0.773	include	The scenes featuring dialogue	the opening scene of Benatar
The scenes featuring dialogue include the opening scene of Benatar being thrown out of the house by her father and the scene featuring the pimp harassing the female dancer in which she shouts `` Leave me alone ! ''	0.599	being thrown by	the opening scene of Benatar	her father and the scene featuring the pimp
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .	0.883	defended the offer as	Michael Rauch	adequate
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .	0.845	defended	Michael Rauch	the offer
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .	0.779	be defended as	the offer	adequate
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .	0.61	be an attorney for	Michael Rauch	Dow Jones
The word `` desire '' , best summarises the essential wish , because in Kabbalistic explanation this is desire rooted in God 's essence , above rationality .	0.74	be rooted in	desire	God 's essence
The word `` desire '' , best summarises the essential wish , because in Kabbalistic explanation this is desire rooted in God 's essence , above rationality .	0.696	be the essential wish in	best summarises	Kabbalistic explanation
The word `` desire '' , best summarises the essential wish , because in Kabbalistic explanation this is desire rooted in God 's essence , above rationality .	0.608	be the essential wish above	best summarises	rationality
Black LDS Church member Darron Smith wrote in 2003 : `` Even though the priesthood ban was repealed in 1978 , the discourse that constructs what blackness means is still very much intact today .	0.749	wrote in	Black LDS Church member Darron Smith	2003
Black LDS Church member Darron Smith wrote in 2003 : `` Even though the priesthood ban was repealed in 1978 , the discourse that constructs what blackness means is still very much intact today .	0.726	be member of	Darron Smith	Black LDS Church
Black LDS Church member Darron Smith wrote in 2003 : `` Even though the priesthood ban was repealed in 1978 , the discourse that constructs what blackness means is still very much intact today .	0.659	be member for	Darron Smith	Black LDS Church
Black LDS Church member Darron Smith wrote in 2003 : `` Even though the priesthood ban was repealed in 1978 , the discourse that constructs what blackness means is still very much intact today .	0.639	is still	constructs what blackness means	much intact today
Black LDS Church member Darron Smith wrote in 2003 : `` Even though the priesthood ban was repealed in 1978 , the discourse that constructs what blackness means is still very much intact today .	0.582	Even was repealed the discourse that constructs what blackness means is still very much intact today in	the priesthood ban	1978
Black LDS Church member Darron Smith wrote in 2003 : `` Even though the priesthood ban was repealed in 1978 , the discourse that constructs what blackness means is still very much intact today .	0.543	Even was repealed	the priesthood ban	the discourse
Black LDS Church member Darron Smith wrote in 2003 : `` Even though the priesthood ban was repealed in 1978 , the discourse that constructs what blackness means is still very much intact today .	0.4	wrote	Black LDS Church member Darron Smith	2003
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .	0.874	should devote	they	more time
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .	0.843	should devote more time to	they	their families or their jobs
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .	0.637	should be devote to	more time	their families or their jobs
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .	0.623	are skipping	many yuppies	their once - sacred workout
Currently the PlanetSim can show the network topology as a GML or Pajek outputs .	0.744	Currently can show	the PlanetSim	the network topology
The two battalions , while sharing a depot , operated as separate units .	0.919	operated as	The two battalions	separate units
Although he lived through troubled times , he did not play a prominent role in them .	0.722	lived through	he	troubled times
Although he lived through troubled times , he did not play a prominent role in them .	0.711	did not play	he	a prominent role
Voyslava has killed Mlada , Yaromir 's bride , to have him for herself .	0.763	has killed Mlada , Yaromir 's bride , to have	Voyslava	him
Voyslava has killed Mlada , Yaromir 's bride , to have him for herself .	0.727	has killed	Voyslava	Mlada
Voyslava has killed Mlada , Yaromir 's bride , to have him for herself .	0.672	has killed Mlada , Yaromir 's bride , to have him for	Voyslava	herself
Voyslava has killed Mlada , Yaromir 's bride , to have him for herself .	0.536	to be have for	him	herself
Voyslava has killed Mlada , Yaromir 's bride , to have him for herself .	0.494	be bride of	Mlada	Yaromir
Beirut 's southern suburb was heavily damaged by Israeli airstrikes where Hezbollah military infrastructure was deeply embedded among the civilian population .	0.909	was deeply embedded among	Hezbollah military infrastructure	the civilian population
Beirut 's southern suburb was heavily damaged by Israeli airstrikes where Hezbollah military infrastructure was deeply embedded among the civilian population .	0.894	was heavily damaged by	Beirut 's southern suburb	Israeli airstrikes
Beirut 's southern suburb was heavily damaged by Israeli airstrikes where Hezbollah military infrastructure was deeply embedded among the civilian population .	0.549	was deeply embedded in	Hezbollah military infrastructure	Israeli airstrikes
Joining another fast and mobile carrier task force , `` Hazelwood '' sortied 11 February to protect carriers as they launched heavy air strikes against the Japanese home islands 16 and 17 February .	0.881	launched heavy air strikes against	they	the Japanese home islands
Joining another fast and mobile carrier task force , `` Hazelwood '' sortied 11 February to protect carriers as they launched heavy air strikes against the Japanese home islands 16 and 17 February .	0.851	sortied in	Hazelwood	11 February
Joining another fast and mobile carrier task force , `` Hazelwood '' sortied 11 February to protect carriers as they launched heavy air strikes against the Japanese home islands 16 and 17 February .	0.842	launched	they	heavy air strikes
Joining another fast and mobile carrier task force , `` Hazelwood '' sortied 11 February to protect carriers as they launched heavy air strikes against the Japanese home islands 16 and 17 February .	0.784	sortied to protect	Hazelwood	carriers
Joining another fast and mobile carrier task force , `` Hazelwood '' sortied 11 February to protect carriers as they launched heavy air strikes against the Japanese home islands 16 and 17 February .	0.779	be launched against	heavy air strikes	the Japanese home islands
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .	0.801	have have been truly beneficial to	related campaigns	the people who need the help
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .	0.801	have have been truly beneficial to	the majority	the people who need the help
Burnham died of heart failure at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California .	0.742	died 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California at	Burnham	the age of 86
Burnham died of heart failure at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California .	0.74	died	Burnham	1947
Burnham died of heart failure at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California .	0.655	be died at	1947	the age of 86
Burnham died of heart failure at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California .	0.652	died 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California of	Burnham	heart failure
Burnham died of heart failure at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California .	0.553	be died of	1947	heart failure
Burnham died of heart failure at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California .	0.51	died 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California on	Burnham	September 1
Burnham died of heart failure at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California .	0.392	be died on	1947	September 1
Burnham died of heart failure at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California .	0.193	died 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California in	Burnham	September 1
Burnham died of heart failure at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California .	0.178	be his home in	Santa	Barbara
His work reflects experimental technique , sometimes ignoring time , space , or cause-and-effect , in the service of stories of individuals struggling to transcend fear and limitation .	0.821	reflects	His work	experimental technique sometimes ignoring time , space , or cause-and-effect
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''	0.632	got	We	some exposure ... and pretty much good will
Land Rover presented at the 2008 London Motor Show its new ERAD diesel-electric hybrid in a pair of Freelander 2 prototypes .	0.887	presented at	Land Rover	the 2008 London Motor Show
Land Rover presented at the 2008 London Motor Show its new ERAD diesel-electric hybrid in a pair of Freelander 2 prototypes .	0.588	presented to	Land Rover	the 2008 London Motor Show
Land Rover presented at the 2008 London Motor Show its new ERAD diesel-electric hybrid in a pair of Freelander 2 prototypes .	0.576	presented in	Land Rover	the 2008 London Motor Show
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	0.785	be created by	a shield	hundreds of Green Lanterns
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	0.763	brought down	John Stewart and Guy Gardner	New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	0.748	contained by	John Stewart and Guy Gardner	a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion
But amid the two dozen bureaucrats and secretaries sits only one real - life PC .	0.599	sits amid	only one real - life PC	the two dozen bureaucrats and secretaries
Removal of the lens before it completely luxates into the anterior chamber may prevent secondary glaucoma .	0.63	completely luxates into	it	the anterior chamber
Of the agency 's 2,750 staff members , 230 are in the field working on actual projects , such as literacy and oceanographic research .	0.784	are in	230	the field
Of the agency 's 2,750 staff members , 230 are in the field working on actual projects , such as literacy and oceanographic research .	0.618	are of	230	the agency 's 2,750 staff members
Of the agency 's 2,750 staff members , 230 are in the field working on actual projects , such as literacy and oceanographic research .	0.536	are working on	230	actual projects
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .	0.844	be saw with	their relations	the gods
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .	0.834	constantly trembled with	the man	fear
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .	0.833	saw their relations with	Greek and Roman pagans	the gods
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .	0.725	be scorned as	the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods	a slave
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .	0.716	scorned	Greek and Roman pagans	the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .	0.549	scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods as	Greek and Roman pagans	a slave
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty sculptors and painters from the US , the UK and Canada at Pine Plains , New York .	0.936	held the first Triangle workshop in	They	1982
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty sculptors and painters from the US , the UK and Canada at Pine Plains , New York .	0.919	held the first Triangle workshop for	They	thirty sculptors and painters
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty sculptors and painters from the US , the UK and Canada at Pine Plains , New York .	0.85	held	They	the first Triangle workshop
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty sculptors and painters from the US , the UK and Canada at Pine Plains , New York .	0.804	be held for	the first Triangle workshop	thirty sculptors and painters
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty sculptors and painters from the US , the UK and Canada at Pine Plains , New York .	0.804	be held in	the first Triangle workshop	1982
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty sculptors and painters from the US , the UK and Canada at Pine Plains , New York .	0.764	held the first Triangle workshop	They	1982
In July 2014 , Ofcom completed a review of Openreach 's service , resulting in mandated performance levels on key services .	0.865	completed	Ofcom	a review of Openreach 's service
In July 2014 , Ofcom completed a review of Openreach 's service , resulting in mandated performance levels on key services .	0.825	completed of	Ofcom	Openreach 's service
In July 2014 , Ofcom completed a review of Openreach 's service , resulting in mandated performance levels on key services .	0.814	completed a review of Openreach 's service resulting in	Ofcom	mandated performance levels
In July 2014 , Ofcom completed a review of Openreach 's service , resulting in mandated performance levels on key services .	0.772	completed a review of Openreach 's service in	Ofcom	July 2014
In July 2014 , Ofcom completed a review of Openreach 's service , resulting in mandated performance levels on key services .	0.607	be completed in	a review of Openreach 's service	July 2014
In July 2014 , Ofcom completed a review of Openreach 's service , resulting in mandated performance levels on key services .	0.493	completed a review of Openreach 's service	Ofcom	July 2014
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''	0.798	can sure set	a block away , and heavy traffic	a house
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''	0.474	is away	Interstate 64	a block away , and heavy traffic
The Commissioner of Parks and Public Property heads one of the departments in those local governments in New Jersey that operate under the Walsh Act form of municipal governance .	0.899	heads one of the departments in	The Commissioner of Parks	those local governments that operate under the Walsh Act form of municipal governance
The Commissioner of Parks and Public Property heads one of the departments in those local governments in New Jersey that operate under the Walsh Act form of municipal governance .	0.846	heads	The Commissioner of Parks	one of the departments
The Commissioner of Parks and Public Property heads one of the departments in those local governments in New Jersey that operate under the Walsh Act form of municipal governance .	0.796	operate under	those local governments	the Walsh Act form of municipal governance
He captained Karachi Blues and Rawalpindi in the Quaid-i-Azam Trophy .	0.813	captained Karachi Blues in	He	the Quaid-i-Azam Trophy
He captained Karachi Blues and Rawalpindi in the Quaid-i-Azam Trophy .	0.768	be captained in	Karachi Blues and Rawalpindi	the Quaid-i-Azam Trophy
He captained Karachi Blues and Rawalpindi in the Quaid-i-Azam Trophy .	0.761	captained	He	Karachi Blues and Rawalpindi
He captained Karachi Blues and Rawalpindi in the Quaid-i-Azam Trophy .	0.75	captained Rawalpindi in	He	the Quaid-i-Azam Trophy
As a result , little happened for many years .	0.894	happened for	little	many years
As a result , little happened for many years .	0.708	happened as	little	a result
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .	0.858	Back in Berkeley was violently scolded by	he	a left - wing lady friend
The northern terminus of this section is at Senai Airport Interchange near Senai Airport , while it shares the same Kilometre Zero with the main link .	0.855	is at	The northern terminus of this section	Senai Airport Interchange
The northern terminus of this section is at Senai Airport Interchange near Senai Airport , while it shares the same Kilometre Zero with the main link .	0.682	shares the same Kilometre Zero with	it	the main link
The northern terminus of this section is at Senai Airport Interchange near Senai Airport , while it shares the same Kilometre Zero with the main link .	0.605	shares	it	the same Kilometre Zero
It is still considered to be the definitive work on the subject .	0.75	to be the definitive work on	It	the subject
It is still considered to be the definitive work on the subject .	0.698	is still considered	It	the definitive work
It is still considered to be the definitive work on the subject .	0.504	to be work on	definitive	the subject
Surveys on vocational and technical education are also included in this division .	0.919	are also included in	Surveys	this division
She received her Master Degree in the field of Controls , Guidance and Instrumentation from I.I.T Madras and Ph.d degree from the department of Aerospace engineering .	0.86	received her Master Degree in	She	the field of Controls
She received her Master Degree in the field of Controls , Guidance and Instrumentation from I.I.T Madras and Ph.d degree from the department of Aerospace engineering .	0.844	be received in	her Master Degree	the field of Controls
She received her Master Degree in the field of Controls , Guidance and Instrumentation from I.I.T Madras and Ph.d degree from the department of Aerospace engineering .	0.71	received	She	her Master Degree
Voorhees approved a plan in 2010 for an $ 850,000 artificial turf field to be completed by 2011 .	0.869	to be completed by	an $ 850,000 artificial turf field	2011
Voorhees approved a plan in 2010 for an $ 850,000 artificial turf field to be completed by 2011 .	0.86	approved	Voorhees	a plan for an $ 850,000 artificial turf field to be completed by 2011
Voorhees approved a plan in 2010 for an $ 850,000 artificial turf field to be completed by 2011 .	0.543	to be completed in	an $ 850,000 artificial turf field	a plan
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .	0.743	help buffer funds from	Large cash positions	market declines
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .	0.737	help buffer	Large cash positions	funds
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .	0.482	be buffer from	funds	market declines
Yisroel Lipkin was born in Zagare , Lithuania on November 3 , 1810 , the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , and his wife Leah .	0.727	was born his wife Leah on	Yisroel Lipkin	November 3 , 1810
Yisroel Lipkin was born in Zagare , Lithuania on November 3 , 1810 , the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , and his wife Leah .	0.709	was born his wife Leah in	Yisroel Lipkin	Zagare
Yisroel Lipkin was born in Zagare , Lithuania on November 3 , 1810 , the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , and his wife Leah .	0.673	was born the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , on	Yisroel Lipkin	November 3 , 1810
Yisroel Lipkin was born in Zagare , Lithuania on November 3 , 1810 , the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , and his wife Leah .	0.653	was born the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , in	Yisroel Lipkin	Zagare
Yisroel Lipkin was born in Zagare , Lithuania on November 3 , 1810 , the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , and his wife Leah .	0.597	was born	Yisroel Lipkin	the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , and his wife
Yisroel Lipkin was born in Zagare , Lithuania on November 3 , 1810 , the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , and his wife Leah .	0.493	be the rabbi of	Rabbi Zev Wolf	that town
Yisroel Lipkin was born in Zagare , Lithuania on November 3 , 1810 , the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , and his wife Leah .	0.423	be the son of	Yisroel Lipkin	Rabbi Zev Wolf
Yisroel Lipkin was born in Zagare , Lithuania on November 3 , 1810 , the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , and his wife Leah .	0.302	was born his wife Leah at	Yisroel Lipkin	Zagare
Yisroel Lipkin was born in Zagare , Lithuania on November 3 , 1810 , the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , and his wife Leah .	0.288	be the son of	Rabbi Zev Wolf	the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen
Yisroel Lipkin was born in Zagare , Lithuania on November 3 , 1810 , the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , and his wife Leah .	0.25	was born the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , at	Yisroel Lipkin	Zagare
Yisroel Lipkin was born in Zagare , Lithuania on November 3 , 1810 , the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , and his wife Leah .	0.235	was born his wife Leah in	Zagare	Lithuania
Yisroel Lipkin was born in Zagare , Lithuania on November 3 , 1810 , the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , and his wife Leah .	0.192	was born the son of Rabbi Zev Wolf , the rabbi of that town and later Av Beth Din of Goldingen and Telz , in	Zagare	Lithuania
He adds that gold stocks had been down so long they were `` ready for a bounce . ''	0.734	had been down so long were ready for	they	a bounce
He adds that gold stocks had been down so long they were `` ready for a bounce . ''	0.726	had been down so long were	they	ready
He adds that gold stocks had been down so long they were `` ready for a bounce . ''	0.553	had been down so long were ready for	gold stocks	a bounce
He adds that gold stocks had been down so long they were `` ready for a bounce . ''	0.544	had been down so long were	gold stocks	ready
Early in the morning Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pores over last wills and testaments .	0.822	Early pores over	Mr. Sider	last wills and testaments
Early in the morning Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pores over last wills and testaments .	0.641	Early pores in	Mr. Sider	the morning
Alan Jansson remixed the song , with Makamoeafi and Iroegbu reuniting to rerecord the vocals .	0.899	remixed the song with	Alan Jansson	Makamoeafi and Iroegbu reuniting
Alan Jansson remixed the song , with Makamoeafi and Iroegbu reuniting to rerecord the vocals .	0.794	be remixed with	the song	Makamoeafi and Iroegbu reuniting
Alan Jansson remixed the song , with Makamoeafi and Iroegbu reuniting to rerecord the vocals .	0.794	remixed	Alan Jansson	the song
Alan Jansson remixed the song , with Makamoeafi and Iroegbu reuniting to rerecord the vocals .	0.723	remixed the song to rerecord	Alan Jansson	the vocals
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .	0.728	embraces	The NAM	efforts which both the administration and the medical profession have begun
The late 19th century had a huge impact on developments occurring in the Horn of Africa .	0.802	had	The late 19th century	a huge impact
The late 19th century had a huge impact on developments occurring in the Horn of Africa .	0.687	occurring in	developments	the Horn of Africa
Opie and Anthony dubbed the man `` Homeless Charlie '' , who mentioned the possibility of raping Condoleezza Rice and Laura Bush .	0.767	dubbed	Opie and Anthony	the man
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .	0.644	does produce over	lower short - term interest rates	the next 30 days
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .	0.616	be a market analyst with	Larry Wachtel	Prudential - Bache Securities
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .	0.169	does not come to	the Fed	the rescue
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .	0.099	does produce lower short - term interest rates over	the Fed	the next 30 days
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .	0.098	does produce	the Fed	lower short - term interest rates
They do best in groups of 12 or more .	0.8	do	They	best in groups of 12
They do best in groups of 12 or more .	0.226	be groups of	best	12 or more
Following the changes , Comcast dropped WGBH and WGBX from its New Hampshire systems and NHPTV from its Massachusetts systems .	0.889	dropped WGBH from	Comcast	its New Hampshire systems and NHPTV
Following the changes , Comcast dropped WGBH and WGBX from its New Hampshire systems and NHPTV from its Massachusetts systems .	0.869	dropped	Comcast	WGBH and WGBX
Following the changes , Comcast dropped WGBH and WGBX from its New Hampshire systems and NHPTV from its Massachusetts systems .	0.847	dropped WGBX from	Comcast	its New Hampshire systems and NHPTV
Following the changes , Comcast dropped WGBH and WGBX from its New Hampshire systems and NHPTV from its Massachusetts systems .	0.772	dropped WGBH following	Comcast	the changes
Following the changes , Comcast dropped WGBH and WGBX from its New Hampshire systems and NHPTV from its Massachusetts systems .	0.7	dropped WGBX following	Comcast	the changes
Following the changes , Comcast dropped WGBH and WGBX from its New Hampshire systems and NHPTV from its Massachusetts systems .	0.62	be dropped from	WGBH and WGBX	its New Hampshire systems and NHPTV
Following the changes , Comcast dropped WGBH and WGBX from its New Hampshire systems and NHPTV from its Massachusetts systems .	0.408	be dropped following	WGBH and WGBX	the changes
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .	0.402	'm using	I	it
Once a busy and important river port the last industrial building on the riverside in Sudbury has been converted into the town 's only theatre , the Quay Theatre .	0.894	has been converted into	the last industrial building	the town 's only theatre
Once a busy and important river port the last industrial building on the riverside in Sudbury has been converted into the town 's only theatre , the Quay Theatre .	0.624	has been converted in	the last industrial building	a busy and important river port
Newport Electronics Inc. named a new slate of officers , a move that follows replacement of the company 's five incumbent directors last week .	0.843	named	Newport Electronics Inc.	a new slate of officers
Newport Electronics Inc. named a new slate of officers , a move that follows replacement of the company 's five incumbent directors last week .	0.564	be follows by	replacement of the company 's five incumbent directors	a move
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .	0.798	would have to consider	juries	specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .	0.723	to consider	juries	specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .	0.645	to condemn to be	someone	death
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .	0.591	would have for	juries	instance
Later , it carried `` Monitor , '' the network 's very successful weekend radio service .	0.7	Later carried	it	Monitor , '' the network 's very successful weekend radio service
Her recent report classifies the stock as a `` hold . ''	0.866	classifies the stock as	Her recent report	a `` hold
Her recent report classifies the stock as a `` hold . ''	0.854	classifies	Her recent report	the stock
and the site was visited by George VI and Queen Elizabeth , the late Queen Mother .	0.888	was visited by	the site	George VI and Queen Elizabeth
The closest Watson ever got was when Republicans had 12 seats in the State House in 2003 .	0.894	had 12 seats in the State House in	Republicans	2003
The closest Watson ever got was when Republicans had 12 seats in the State House in 2003 .	0.793	had in	Republicans	the State House
The closest Watson ever got was when Republicans had 12 seats in the State House in 2003 .	0.793	had	Republicans	12 seats
The closest Watson ever got was when Republicans had 12 seats in the State House in 2003 .	0.779	be had in	12 seats	2003
The closest Watson ever got was when Republicans had 12 seats in the State House in 2003 .	0.654	had 12 seats in the State House	Republicans	2003
At this point , the player confronts a boss , who is usually considerably larger and tougher than regular enemies .	0.845	confronts	the player	a boss who is usually considerably larger and tougher than regular enemies
At this point , the player confronts a boss , who is usually considerably larger and tougher than regular enemies .	0.438	confronts a boss , who is usually considerably larger and tougher than regular enemies at	the player	this point
These screening activities include : review of group-based data ; hearing , vision , motor , and speech/language screening ; and review by the Special Education administration .	0.784	include	These screening activities	review of group-based data
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .	0.829	be currently performed in	some work	22 separate offices
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .	0.808	plans to eliminate	Kao Corp.	1,000 clerical jobs
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .	0.755	be some work as	a central computer network	credit reports
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .	0.628	plans within	Kao Corp.	a year
TenFold Corporation is a provider of EnterpriseTenFold SOA , an SOA-compliant , Ajax-enabled solutions framework for adding functionality to existing applications and building enterprise-scale applications .	0.912	is a provider of	TenFold Corporation	EnterpriseTenFold SOA
TenFold Corporation is a provider of EnterpriseTenFold SOA , an SOA-compliant , Ajax-enabled solutions framework for adding functionality to existing applications and building enterprise-scale applications .	0.75	is	TenFold Corporation	a provider of EnterpriseTenFold SOA
TenFold Corporation is a provider of EnterpriseTenFold SOA , an SOA-compliant , Ajax-enabled solutions framework for adding functionality to existing applications and building enterprise-scale applications .	0.607	be adding to	functionality	existing applications
TenFold Corporation is a provider of EnterpriseTenFold SOA , an SOA-compliant , Ajax-enabled solutions framework for adding functionality to existing applications and building enterprise-scale applications .	0.387	is a provider of	EnterpriseTenFold SOA	an SOA-compliant , Ajax-enabled solutions framework
The album `` Big City '' was produced by some of the best producers in the American music industry such as Kovas , J Que , Tricky Stewart and Laney Stewart , The CornaBoyz , Pale Face , Desmond Child and Stargate .	0.879	was produced in	Big City	the American music industry
The album `` Big City '' was produced by some of the best producers in the American music industry such as Kovas , J Que , Tricky Stewart and Laney Stewart , The CornaBoyz , Pale Face , Desmond Child and Stargate .	0.343	be music industry as	American	Kovas , J Que , Tricky Stewart and Laney Stewart , The CornaBoyz , Pale Face , Desmond Child and Stargate
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .	0.587	be currently controlled by	the 3.6 million shares	management , subsidiaries and directors
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .	0.567	Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled management , subsidiaries directors would give Sea Containers	the completed tender offer	a controlling stake
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .	0.859	was in	he	Ali 's army
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .	0.749	was in	it	Ali 's army
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .	0.629	later was Muhammad ibn	it	Abu Bakr
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .	0.521	later was	it	Muhammad
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .	0.461	later was Muhammad ibn	he	Abu Bakr
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .	0.353	later was	he	Muhammad
The religions both share a belief in the virgin birth of Jesus , his miracles and healings , and that he ascended bodily into heaven .	0.708	that ascended bodily into	The religions	heaven
The religions both share a belief in the virgin birth of Jesus , his miracles and healings , and that he ascended bodily into heaven .	0.638	that ascended bodily into	he	heaven
The religions both share a belief in the virgin birth of Jesus , his miracles and healings , and that he ascended bodily into heaven .	0.351	that ascended bodily to	The religions	heaven
The religions both share a belief in the virgin birth of Jesus , his miracles and healings , and that he ascended bodily into heaven .	0.282	that ascended bodily to	he	heaven
Owen and the French socialist Henri de Saint-Simon were the fathers of the utopian socialist movement ; they believed that the ills of industrial work relations could be removed by the establishment of small cooperative communities .	0.903	could be removed by	the ills of industrial work relations	the establishment of small cooperative communities
Owen and the French socialist Henri de Saint-Simon were the fathers of the utopian socialist movement ; they believed that the ills of industrial work relations could be removed by the establishment of small cooperative communities .	0.881	were the fathers of	Owen and the French	the utopian socialist movement
Owen and the French socialist Henri de Saint-Simon were the fathers of the utopian socialist movement ; they believed that the ills of industrial work relations could be removed by the establishment of small cooperative communities .	0.715	were	Owen and the French	the fathers of the utopian socialist movement
In 54 BC , Marcus Perperna is mentioned as one of the consulars who bore testimony on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus at his trial .	0.95	is mentioned as	Marcus Perperna	one of the consulars
In 54 BC , Marcus Perperna is mentioned as one of the consulars who bore testimony on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus at his trial .	0.771	is mentioned in	Marcus Perperna	54 BC
In 54 BC , Marcus Perperna is mentioned as one of the consulars who bore testimony on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus at his trial .	0.717	be bore at	testimony	his trial
In 54 BC , Marcus Perperna is mentioned as one of the consulars who bore testimony on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus at his trial .	0.672	bore testimony on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus at	the consulars	his trial
Darkseid has pinpoint control and his unerring aim allows the beam to travel in straight lines , bend , or curve around corners and can pass through matter and energy .	0.79	to travel in	the beam	straight lines
Darkseid has pinpoint control and his unerring aim allows the beam to travel in straight lines , bend , or curve around corners and can pass through matter and energy .	0.789	can pass through	Darkseid	matter and energy
Darkseid has pinpoint control and his unerring aim allows the beam to travel in straight lines , bend , or curve around corners and can pass through matter and energy .	0.512	has his unerring aim allows the beam to travel in straight lines , bend , or curve around corners can	Darkseid	pinpoint control
He appeared in that game alongside his Arsenal midfield colleague Brian Marwood , who had joined them from Sheffield Wednesday eight months earlier .	0.866	appeared in	He	that game
He appeared in that game alongside his Arsenal midfield colleague Brian Marwood , who had joined them from Sheffield Wednesday eight months earlier .	0.725	appeared alongside	He	his Arsenal midfield colleague Brian Marwood
A second factor is resource dependence ; there must be a perceptible threat of resource depletion , and it must be difficult to find substitutes .	0.85	must be a perceptible threat must of	A second factor	resource depletion
A second factor is resource dependence ; there must be a perceptible threat of resource depletion , and it must be difficult to find substitutes .	0.711	is must must	A second factor	resource dependence ; there must be a perceptible threat of resource depletion , and it must be difficult
A second factor is resource dependence ; there must be a perceptible threat of resource depletion , and it must be difficult to find substitutes .	0.711	must be must	A second factor	resource dependence ; there must be a perceptible threat of resource depletion , and it must be difficult
A second factor is resource dependence ; there must be a perceptible threat of resource depletion , and it must be difficult to find substitutes .	0.711	must must be	A second factor	resource dependence ; there must be a perceptible threat of resource depletion , and it must be difficult
A second factor is resource dependence ; there must be a perceptible threat of resource depletion , and it must be difficult to find substitutes .	0.619	must be a perceptible threat must of	it	resource depletion
In 1904 , Service , who was working in the Canadian Bank of Commerce branch in Whitehorse , saw McGee 's name on a form .	0.728	saw	Service	McGee 's name
In 1904 , Service , who was working in the Canadian Bank of Commerce branch in Whitehorse , saw McGee 's name on a form .	0.63	saw McGee 's name on a form in	Service	1904
In 1904 , Service , who was working in the Canadian Bank of Commerce branch in Whitehorse , saw McGee 's name on a form .	0.438	be saw in	McGee 's name	1904
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .	0.817	got	Propper International Inc.	a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract
In the Crimean War , the 5th Dragoon Guards formed part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade and was sent to the Black Sea in 1854 .	0.836	was sent to	the 5th Dragoon Guards	the Black Sea
In the Crimean War , the 5th Dragoon Guards formed part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade and was sent to the Black Sea in 1854 .	0.812	formed	the 5th Dragoon Guards	part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade
In the Crimean War , the 5th Dragoon Guards formed part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade and was sent to the Black Sea in 1854 .	0.772	was sent in	the 5th Dragoon Guards	1854
In the Crimean War , the 5th Dragoon Guards formed part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade and was sent to the Black Sea in 1854 .	0.761	formed of	the 5th Dragoon Guards	the Heavy Cavalry Brigade
In the Crimean War , the 5th Dragoon Guards formed part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade and was sent to the Black Sea in 1854 .	0.695	formed part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade in	the 5th Dragoon Guards	the Crimean War
In the Crimean War , the 5th Dragoon Guards formed part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade and was sent to the Black Sea in 1854 .	0.55	be formed in	part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade	the Crimean War
Mr. Rifenburgh also noted that 150 million shares of MiniScribe common stock were traded during the past three years , `` so there 's a tremendous amount of exposure . ''	0.841	were traded during	150 million shares of MiniScribe common stock	the past three years
The fuselage had an oval cross-section and housed a water-cooled inverted-V V-12 engine .	0.815	housed	The fuselage	a water-cooled inverted-V V-12 engine
The fuselage had an oval cross-section and housed a water-cooled inverted-V V-12 engine .	0.734	had	The fuselage	an oval cross-section
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 .	0.754	to close at	The Second Section index	3636.06
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 .	0.75	was down 21.44 points , 0.59 % , to close at	The Second Section index	3636.06
The machine can run software written for other Mips computers , the company said .	0.821	can run	The machine	software written for other Mips computers
The machine can run software written for other Mips computers , the company said .	0.694	be written for	software	other Mips computers
When running the ball on offense , the runner can control the direction in which the blocker is going .	0.816	can control	the runner	the direction in which the blocker is going
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .	0.705	be used by	computers	the military and national security agencies
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .	0.694	be using as	Berkeley and other easily accessible computers	stepping stones
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .	0.645	was pawing also using Berkeley as	The hacker	stepping stones
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .	0.645	was pawing also using other easily accessible computers as	The hacker	stepping stones
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .	0.553	was pawing also over	The hacker	the Berkeley files
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .	0.531	was pawing also using	The hacker	Berkeley and other easily accessible computers
In systems science , it is argued that the only way to fully understand why a problem or element occurs and persists is to understand the parts in relation to the whole .	0.791	is to understand the parts in	the only way to fully understand why a problem or element occurs and persists	relation
In systems science , it is argued that the only way to fully understand why a problem or element occurs and persists is to understand the parts in relation to the whole .	0.754	to understand the parts in	the only way to fully understand why a problem or element occurs and persists	relation
In systems science , it is argued that the only way to fully understand why a problem or element occurs and persists is to understand the parts in relation to the whole .	0.739	to be understand in	the parts	relation
In systems science , it is argued that the only way to fully understand why a problem or element occurs and persists is to understand the parts in relation to the whole .	0.699	is to understand	the only way to fully understand why a problem or element occurs and persists	the parts
In systems science , it is argued that the only way to fully understand why a problem or element occurs and persists is to understand the parts in relation to the whole .	0.655	is argued in	it	systems science
For 55 of those years , it was held by three generations of the Anthony family -- Hubert Lawrence Anthony , Doug Anthony and Larry Anthony -- the first three-generation dynasty in the Australian House of Representatives .	0.797	was held Doug Anthony by	it	three generations of the Anthony family
For 55 of those years , it was held by three generations of the Anthony family -- Hubert Lawrence Anthony , Doug Anthony and Larry Anthony -- the first three-generation dynasty in the Australian House of Representatives .	0.797	was held Larry Anthony by	it	three generations of the Anthony family
For 55 of those years , it was held by three generations of the Anthony family -- Hubert Lawrence Anthony , Doug Anthony and Larry Anthony -- the first three-generation dynasty in the Australian House of Representatives .	0.604	was held Hubert Lawrence Anthony , Doug Anthony and Larry Anthony -- the first three-generation dynasty in the Australian House of Representatives by	it	three generations of the Anthony family
For 55 of those years , it was held by three generations of the Anthony family -- Hubert Lawrence Anthony , Doug Anthony and Larry Anthony -- the first three-generation dynasty in the Australian House of Representatives .	0.595	was held	it	Hubert Lawrence Anthony , Doug Anthony and Larry Anthony
For 55 of those years , it was held by three generations of the Anthony family -- Hubert Lawrence Anthony , Doug Anthony and Larry Anthony -- the first three-generation dynasty in the Australian House of Representatives .	0.479	was held Doug Anthony for	it	55 of those years
For 55 of those years , it was held by three generations of the Anthony family -- Hubert Lawrence Anthony , Doug Anthony and Larry Anthony -- the first three-generation dynasty in the Australian House of Representatives .	0.479	was held Larry Anthony for	it	55 of those years
For 55 of those years , it was held by three generations of the Anthony family -- Hubert Lawrence Anthony , Doug Anthony and Larry Anthony -- the first three-generation dynasty in the Australian House of Representatives .	0.415	was held Hubert Lawrence Anthony , Doug Anthony and Larry Anthony -- the first three-generation dynasty in the Australian House of Representatives for	it	55 of those years
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .	0.772	to announce	Austin	plans to open a joint office in Tokyo
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .	0.745	are scheduled in	Austin	today
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .	0.726	to be open in	a joint office	Tokyo
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .	0.641	are scheduled in	Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp	today
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .	0.512	to announce	Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp	plans to open a joint office in Tokyo
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .	0.443	be a midsized London firm of	Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp	solicitors
However , it does n't give much of a clue as to whether a recession is on the horizon .	0.775	is on	a recession	the horizon
Blagoja ` Billy ' Celeski is an Australian footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Newcastle Jets .	0.84	plays as	Blagoja ` Billy ' Celeski is an Australian footballer	a midfielder
Comprehending sheet music requires a special form of literacy : the ability to read music notation .	0.411	be form of	special	literacy
But declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered gainers 774 to 684 , and broader market indexes were virtually unchanged .	0.756	outnumbered	declining issues	gainers
But declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered gainers 774 to 684 , and broader market indexes were virtually unchanged .	0.741	were virtually	broader market indexes	unchanged
But declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered gainers 774 to 684 , and broader market indexes were virtually unchanged .	0.602	outnumbered	broader market indexes	gainers
But declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered gainers 774 to 684 , and broader market indexes were virtually unchanged .	0.59	were virtually	declining issues	unchanged
But declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered gainers 774 to 684 , and broader market indexes were virtually unchanged .	0.282	be declining issues on	unchanged	the New York Stock Exchange
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .	0.716	produces	based Sherwin-Williams	paints and coatings
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .	0.666	produces	the Los Angeles	industrial coatings
Passenger services on the line were terminated on 31 December 1954 .	0.919	were terminated on	Passenger services	31 December 1954
Along with many other attendees , she was subjected to forced disappearance by Moroccan authorities and held without trial until 1991 , when she was released .	0.885	was subjected to	she	forced disappearance
Along with many other attendees , she was subjected to forced disappearance by Moroccan authorities and held without trial until 1991 , when she was released .	0.764	held without	she	trial
Along with many other attendees , she was subjected to forced disappearance by Moroccan authorities and held without trial until 1991 , when she was released .	0.632	held until	she	1991
The county is named for the Marquis de Lafayette , who came to America to join the rebelling English colonies in the American Revolutionary War .	0.894	is named for	The county	the Marquis de Lafayette
In the corporate market , an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp. generated considerable attention .	0.806	generated	an expected debt offering	considerable attention
In the corporate market , an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp. generated considerable attention .	0.708	generated considerable attention in	an expected debt offering	the corporate market
In the corporate market , an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp. generated considerable attention .	0.396	be generated in	considerable attention	the corporate market
A short-lived Bolshevik government was suppressed in May 1918 and Sukhum was incorporated into the Democratic Republic of Georgia as a residence of the autonomous People 's Council of Abkhazia and the headquarters of the Georgian governor-general .	0.894	was suppressed in	A short-lived Bolshevik government	May 1918 and Sukhum
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	0.82	wandered into	a homeless man	the studio
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	0.819	be suspended Opie in	Anthony	response
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	0.79	suspended Opie in	XM	response
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	0.757	be suspended Anthony in	Opie	response
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	0.755	be suspended Opie for	Anthony	30 days
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	0.722	suspended Anthony in	XM	response
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	0.719	suspended Opie for	XM	30 days
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	0.686	suspended Opie	XM	Anthony
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	0.68	be suspended Anthony for	Opie	30 days
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	0.639	suspended Anthony for	XM	30 days
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	0.589	be suspended Opie on	Anthony	May 15 , 2007
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	0.544	suspended Opie on	XM	May 15 , 2007
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	0.498	be suspended Anthony on	Opie	May 15 , 2007
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	0.452	suspended Anthony on	XM	May 15 , 2007
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	0.444	suspended Anthony	XM	Opie
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said .	0.668	wo n't produce films at	Mr. Azoff	first
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said .	0.666	wo n't produce	Mr. Azoff	films
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said .	0.563	is	it	possible
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said .	0.387	wo be n't produce at	films	first
In 1987 , Haidar participated in a nonviolent demonstration against Moroccan occupation of Western Sahara .	0.916	participated in	Haidar	a nonviolent demonstration
In 1987 , Haidar participated in a nonviolent demonstration against Moroccan occupation of Western Sahara .	0.775	participated in	Haidar	1987
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .	0.695	to be help in	the Soviets	any way
`` The profit locking - in is definitely going on , '' said Mr. Mills , whose firm manages $ 600 million for Boston Co .	0.826	manages $ 600 million for	whose firm	Boston Co
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .	0.877	linked its computers in Tokyo with	Term Credit Bank	its three American offices
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .	0.803	linked	Term Credit Bank	its computers
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .	0.79	be linked with	its computers	its three American offices
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .	0.711	linked its computers in Tokyo in	Term Credit Bank	April
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .	0.624	be linked in	its computers	April
He further stated that Hauptmann looked different and that `` John '' was actually dead because he had been murdered by his confederates .	0.76	had been murdered by	he	his confederates
He further stated that Hauptmann looked different and that `` John '' was actually dead because he had been murdered by his confederates .	0.709	was actually	Hauptmann	dead
He further stated that Hauptmann looked different and that `` John '' was actually dead because he had been murdered by his confederates .	0.635	was actually	John	dead
He further stated that Hauptmann looked different and that `` John '' was actually dead because he had been murdered by his confederates .	0.591	further stated	He	Hauptmann
He further stated that Hauptmann looked different and that `` John '' was actually dead because he had been murdered by his confederates .	0.586	further stated	He	John
The trust operates electric-powered boats from the Granary in Quay Lane , to Great Henny , a few miles downstream .	0.865	operates electric-powered boats from	The trust	the Granary
The trust operates electric-powered boats from the Granary in Quay Lane , to Great Henny , a few miles downstream .	0.807	operates	The trust	electric-powered boats
General Dynamics Corp. was given an $ 843 million Air Force contract for F - 16 aircraft and related equipment .	0.805	was given	General Dynamics Corp.	an $ 843 million Air Force contract
The United States High Commissioner for Germany and his staff occupied the building from 1949 to 1952 .	0.873	occupied the building from	The United States High Commissioner for Germany and his staff	1949
The United States High Commissioner for Germany and his staff occupied the building from 1949 to 1952 .	0.822	occupied the building to	The United States High Commissioner for Germany and his staff	1952
The United States High Commissioner for Germany and his staff occupied the building from 1949 to 1952 .	0.804	be occupied from	the building	1949
The United States High Commissioner for Germany and his staff occupied the building from 1949 to 1952 .	0.779	be occupied to	the building	1952
The United States High Commissioner for Germany and his staff occupied the building from 1949 to 1952 .	0.772	occupied	The United States High Commissioner for Germany and his staff	the building
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .	0.853	caused	his routine business transactions	trouble
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .	0.85	had	The divested Courtaulds textile operations	operating profit of # 50 million
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .	0.837	had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in	The divested Courtaulds textile operations	revenue
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .	0.804	be had in	operating profit of # 50 million	revenue
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .	0.778	had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in	The divested Courtaulds textile operations	the year
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .	0.736	be had in	operating profit of # 50 million	the year
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .	0.534	had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million	The divested Courtaulds textile operations	revenue
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .	0.438	had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million	The divested Courtaulds textile operations	the year
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .	0.877	prompted	The change	the rise of discount brokers and a reduction
As she reads the articles , she also makes veiled references and innuendo relating to the slang use of `` beaver '' .	0.772	also makes	she	veiled references and innuendo relating to the slang use of `` beaver ''
As she reads the articles , she also makes veiled references and innuendo relating to the slang use of `` beaver '' .	0.748	relating to	veiled references and innuendo	the slang use of `` beaver
As she reads the articles , she also makes veiled references and innuendo relating to the slang use of `` beaver '' .	0.51	reads	she	the articles
The doctor subtly reveals the truth to the king who is content to relinquish Stratonice to Antiochus to save his son 's life and happiness .	0.878	subtly reveals the truth to	The doctor	the king who is content to relinquish Stratonice to Antiochus to save his son 's life and happiness
The doctor subtly reveals the truth to the king who is content to relinquish Stratonice to Antiochus to save his son 's life and happiness .	0.807	subtly reveals	The doctor	the truth
The doctor subtly reveals the truth to the king who is content to relinquish Stratonice to Antiochus to save his son 's life and happiness .	0.741	to relinquish to be	Stratonice	Antiochus
`` Video Concert Hall '' was also carried on Showtime , the Satellite Program Network - SPN , and was seen worldwide on AFRTS and frequently as video entertainment on commercial airline flights .	0.895	was also carried on	Video Concert Hall	Showtime
She returned to that Thames River base 9 February 1931 and for the remainder of the decade served as a training ship primarily for the Submarine School at New London and occasionally for NROTC units in the southern New England area .	0.815	returned to	She	that Thames River base
She returned to that Thames River base 9 February 1931 and for the remainder of the decade served as a training ship primarily for the Submarine School at New London and occasionally for NROTC units in the southern New England area .	0.697	served for	She	the remainder of the decade
She returned to that Thames River base 9 February 1931 and for the remainder of the decade served as a training ship primarily for the Submarine School at New London and occasionally for NROTC units in the southern New England area .	0.69	served as	She	a training ship
The station complex also has long housed an upper Hudson Line station of the MTA Police .	0.837	be station of	Hudson Line	the MTA Police
The station complex also has long housed an upper Hudson Line station of the MTA Police .	0.811	also has long housed	The station complex	an upper Hudson Line station of the MTA Police
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .	0.921	was preoccupied with	Nissan	management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .	0.757	began in	it	1983
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .	0.641	to focus on	it	its entertainment and publishing businesses
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .	0.606	completes would	the sale	the strategic restructuring it began in 1983
The tax has raised less than one billion marks ( $ 545.3 million ) annually in recent years , but the government has been reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns .	0.778	to abolish	the government	the levy
The tax has raised less than one billion marks ( $ 545.3 million ) annually in recent years , but the government has been reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns .	0.776	has raised	The tax	than one billion marks
The tax has raised less than one billion marks ( $ 545.3 million ) annually in recent years , but the government has been reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns .	0.708	to be abolish for	the levy	budgetary concerns
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .	0.8	resulted in	the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion	higher profit
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .	0.746	said	Company officials	the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .	0.808	will stray from	this administration	its own course
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .	0.796	will stray on	this administration	this and other issues
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .	0.554	is	It	compromises
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .	0.738	to sell	Nissan	just 10,000 Paos
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .	0.714	have passed	sales	50,000
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .	0.674	initially planned have to sell	Nissan	just 10,000 Paos
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .	0.595	have passed	Nissan	50,000
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .	0.525	to sell	sales	just 10,000 Paos
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .	0.449	initially planned have to sell	sales	just 10,000 Paos
On October 14 , 2012 , Sidney Rice caught the game winning touchdown from a 46-yard pass from Russell Wilson to beat the New England Patriots 24-23 .	0.88	caught	Sidney Rice	the game winning touchdown from a 46-yard pass from Russell Wilson to beat the New England Patriots 24-23
On October 14 , 2012 , Sidney Rice caught the game winning touchdown from a 46-yard pass from Russell Wilson to beat the New England Patriots 24-23 .	0.758	winning touchdown from	the game	a 46-yard pass
On October 14 , 2012 , Sidney Rice caught the game winning touchdown from a 46-yard pass from Russell Wilson to beat the New England Patriots 24-23 .	0.73	winning touchdown from	the game	Russell Wilson
On October 14 , 2012 , Sidney Rice caught the game winning touchdown from a 46-yard pass from Russell Wilson to beat the New England Patriots 24-23 .	0.707	be winning from	touchdown	a 46-yard pass
On October 14 , 2012 , Sidney Rice caught the game winning touchdown from a 46-yard pass from Russell Wilson to beat the New England Patriots 24-23 .	0.675	be winning from	touchdown	Russell Wilson
On October 14 , 2012 , Sidney Rice caught the game winning touchdown from a 46-yard pass from Russell Wilson to beat the New England Patriots 24-23 .	0.55	be caught on	the game winning touchdown from a 46-yard pass from Russell Wilson to beat the New England Patriots 24-23	October 14 , 2012
On October 14 , 2012 , Sidney Rice caught the game winning touchdown from a 46-yard pass from Russell Wilson to beat the New England Patriots 24-23 .	0.438	caught the game winning touchdown from a 46-yard pass from Russell Wilson to beat the New England Patriots 24-23 on	Sidney Rice	October 14 , 2012
Staff were only informed of the decision to cease broadcasting 24 hours earlier at 5pm on the evening of 23 December .	0.903	were only informed of	Staff	the decision to cease broadcasting 24 hours earlier at 5pm on the evening of 23 December
Staff were only informed of the decision to cease broadcasting 24 hours earlier at 5pm on the evening of 23 December .	0.731	be broadcasting on	24 hours	the evening of 23 December
Staff were only informed of the decision to cease broadcasting 24 hours earlier at 5pm on the evening of 23 December .	0.703	be broadcasting at	24 hours	5pm
In the 1986 television series `` War and Remembrance '' , Johns took the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann .	0.74	took	Johns	the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann
In the 1986 television series `` War and Remembrance '' , Johns took the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann .	0.645	be officer of	Adolf Eichmann	Nazi SS
In the 1986 television series `` War and Remembrance '' , Johns took the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann .	0.57	be officer for	Adolf Eichmann	Nazi SS
In the 1986 television series `` War and Remembrance '' , Johns took the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann .	0.55	be took in	the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann	the 1986 television series
In the 1986 television series `` War and Remembrance '' , Johns took the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann .	0.37	took the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann in	Johns	the 1986 television series
In the 1986 television series `` War and Remembrance '' , Johns took the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann .	0.144	took the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann	Johns	the 1986 television series
But we can think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond .	0.86	can think of	we	many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond
From 1998 to 2000 , the Triple-A World Series pitted the IL and PCL champs .	0.796	pitted	the Triple-A World Series	the IL and PCL champs
From 1998 to 2000 , the Triple-A World Series pitted the IL and PCL champs .	0.77	pitted the IL and PCL champs from	the Triple-A World Series	1998
From 1998 to 2000 , the Triple-A World Series pitted the IL and PCL champs .	0.656	be pitted from	the IL and PCL champs	1998
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House .	0.782	be sought by	deeper cuts	the House
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House .	0.777	strongly resisted	Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd	deeper cuts sought by the House
Then , items that were not approved are called in numerical order unless a supervisor wishes to take items out of order .	0.901	Then are called in	items that were not approved	numerical order
Then , items that were not approved are called in numerical order unless a supervisor wishes to take items out of order .	0.711	wishes to take	a supervisor	items
Government debt is one method of financing government operations , but it is not the only method .	0.685	is	Government debt	one method financing government operations
Government debt is one method of financing government operations , but it is not the only method .	0.596	is	it	not the only method
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''	0.9	would be undertaken by	The latter	enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives
Kawamori also helped to design various toys for the Takara toyline `` Diaclone '' in the late 1970s and the early 1980s , many of which were later incorporated into Hasbro 's `` Transformers '' toyline .	0.888	were later incorporated into	many of which	Hasbro 's `` Transformers
Kawamori also helped to design various toys for the Takara toyline `` Diaclone '' in the late 1970s and the early 1980s , many of which were later incorporated into Hasbro 's `` Transformers '' toyline .	0.887	also helped to design various toys for	Kawamori	the Takara toyline
Kawamori also helped to design various toys for the Takara toyline `` Diaclone '' in the late 1970s and the early 1980s , many of which were later incorporated into Hasbro 's `` Transformers '' toyline .	0.859	also helped to design various toys in	Kawamori	the late 1970s
Kawamori also helped to design various toys for the Takara toyline `` Diaclone '' in the late 1970s and the early 1980s , many of which were later incorporated into Hasbro 's `` Transformers '' toyline .	0.85	also helped to design	Kawamori	various toys
Kawamori also helped to design various toys for the Takara toyline `` Diaclone '' in the late 1970s and the early 1980s , many of which were later incorporated into Hasbro 's `` Transformers '' toyline .	0.658	to be design for	various toys	the Takara toyline
Kawamori also helped to design various toys for the Takara toyline `` Diaclone '' in the late 1970s and the early 1980s , many of which were later incorporated into Hasbro 's `` Transformers '' toyline .	0.658	to be design in	various toys	the late 1970s
Kawamori also helped to design various toys for the Takara toyline `` Diaclone '' in the late 1970s and the early 1980s , many of which were later incorporated into Hasbro 's `` Transformers '' toyline .	0.61	were later incorporated in	many of which	the early 1980s
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .	0.87	added 30.4 points to end at	share index	2142.6
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .	0.829	added	share index	30.4 points
If the cancer occurs in the glands or columnar tissue of the esophagus , then the cancer is an adenocarcinoma .	0.704	is	the cancer	an adenocarcinoma
If the cancer occurs in the glands or columnar tissue of the esophagus , then the cancer is an adenocarcinoma .	0.151	occurs then in	the cancer	the glands or columnar tissue of the esophagus
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .	0.871	purchased	Greenery	stock and warrants
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .	0.733	to make	it	the payments
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .	0.704	completed	it	a transaction
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .	0.685	is	it	able
KFI helped to keep the calm during the dark days of World War II by airing President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's `` Fireside Chats . ''	0.877	helped to keep the calm during	KFI	the dark days of World War II
KFI helped to keep the calm during the dark days of World War II by airing President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's `` Fireside Chats . ''	0.787	to be keep during	the calm	the dark days of World War II
KFI helped to keep the calm during the dark days of World War II by airing President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's `` Fireside Chats . ''	0.716	helped to keep	KFI	the calm
Arguably the best known work in Wild Cards comes from John Petersen , the author of ` Out of The Blue - How to Anticipate Big Future Surprises ' .	0.79	comes from	the best known work	John Petersen
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .	0.762	may be only	The downturn	temporary
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .	0.759	be partner of	Herb Adler	KPMG Peat Marwick
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .	0.5	be The downturn in	temporary	total value
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	0.941	are active staff members of	Many lodge members	Scout and Cub Scout camps
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	0.596	are staff members of	active	Scout and Cub Scout camps
Balloon glows are held on the Saturday and Sunday evenings with all balloons tethered to the ground at dusk displaying the balloon envelopes and allowing the public to walk amongst them .	0.929	are held on	Balloon glows	the Saturday and Sunday evenings
Balloon glows are held on the Saturday and Sunday evenings with all balloons tethered to the ground at dusk displaying the balloon envelopes and allowing the public to walk amongst them .	0.86	tethered to	all balloons	the ground
Balloon glows are held on the Saturday and Sunday evenings with all balloons tethered to the ground at dusk displaying the balloon envelopes and allowing the public to walk amongst them .	0.78	to walk amongst	the public	them
Balloon glows are held on the Saturday and Sunday evenings with all balloons tethered to the ground at dusk displaying the balloon envelopes and allowing the public to walk amongst them .	0.754	tethered at	all balloons	dusk displaying
Balloon glows are held on the Saturday and Sunday evenings with all balloons tethered to the ground at dusk displaying the balloon envelopes and allowing the public to walk amongst them .	0.654	are held in	Balloon glows	the Saturday and Sunday evenings
Their mission was always for a specific mandate and lasted for a limited period .	0.926	lasted for	Their mission	a limited period
Their mission was always for a specific mandate and lasted for a limited period .	0.908	was always for	Their mission	a specific mandate
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .	0.801	was heading toward	the company	the first operating loss
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .	0.768	be set in	the tone	December 1986
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .	0.758	was heading by	the company	a Japanese auto maker
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .	0.63	be Nissan 's executive vice president for	Atsushi Muramatsu	finance
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .	0.576	was heading since	the company	the nation 's postwar recovery
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .	0.567	be executive vice president of	Atsushi Muramatsu	Nissan
The district was created in 1985 by the consolidation of the Delmar and West Lamar School Districts and adopted its present name in 1986 .	0.929	was created in	The district	1985
The district was created in 1985 by the consolidation of the Delmar and West Lamar School Districts and adopted its present name in 1986 .	0.901	was created by	The district	the consolidation of the Delmar
The district was created in 1985 by the consolidation of the Delmar and West Lamar School Districts and adopted its present name in 1986 .	0.831	be adopted in	its present name	1986
The district was created in 1985 by the consolidation of the Delmar and West Lamar School Districts and adopted its present name in 1986 .	0.706	adopted its present name in	The district	1986
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .	0.88	pulled out for	they	the month
In 2007 , Sun announced `` Project Indiana '' with several goals , including providing an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project , replacing SXDE .	0.806	announced `` Project Indiana '' with	Sun	several goals
In 2007 , Sun announced `` Project Indiana '' with several goals , including providing an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project , replacing SXDE .	0.796	be announced with	Project Indiana	several goals
In 2007 , Sun announced `` Project Indiana '' with several goals , including providing an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project , replacing SXDE .	0.653	announced	Sun	Project Indiana
In 2007 , Sun announced `` Project Indiana '' with several goals , including providing an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project , replacing SXDE .	0.644	be announced in	Project Indiana	2007
In 2007 , Sun announced `` Project Indiana '' with several goals , including providing an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project , replacing SXDE .	0.602	announced `` Project Indiana '' in	Sun	2007
In `` Fragments '' , the protagonist , Baako , is a `` been-to '' - a man who has been to the United States and received his education there .	0.74	is a `` been-to in	the protagonist	Fragments
In `` Fragments '' , the protagonist , Baako , is a `` been-to '' - a man who has been to the United States and received his education there .	0.646	is	the protagonist	a `` been-to
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .	0.871	also reflected	the market 's surge	an easing of concerns
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .	0.565	were egregiously	regional offices	overstaffed
He has on several occasions been a guest at the White House .	0.673	has	He	a guest
He has on several occasions been a guest at the White House .	0.662	has several occasions been a guest at	He	the White House
In this case a small valve is adequate because most liquids are nearly incompressible , and so a relatively small amount of fluid discharged through the relief valve will produce a substantial reduction in pressure .	0.798	will produce	incompressible , and so a relatively small amount of fluid	a substantial reduction
In this case a small valve is adequate because most liquids are nearly incompressible , and so a relatively small amount of fluid discharged through the relief valve will produce a substantial reduction in pressure .	0.75	be so a relatively small amount of	most liquids	fluid discharged through the relief valve
In this case a small valve is adequate because most liquids are nearly incompressible , and so a relatively small amount of fluid discharged through the relief valve will produce a substantial reduction in pressure .	0.735	is	a small valve	adequate
In this case a small valve is adequate because most liquids are nearly incompressible , and so a relatively small amount of fluid discharged through the relief valve will produce a substantial reduction in pressure .	0.655	be discharged through	fluid	the relief valve
In this case a small valve is adequate because most liquids are nearly incompressible , and so a relatively small amount of fluid discharged through the relief valve will produce a substantial reduction in pressure .	0.572	is adequate in	a small valve	this case
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''	0.781	to be push against	the dollar	the fundamentals
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''	0.66	told	Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson	lawmakers
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .	0.533	Officially encourage	we	the free flow of direct investment
Not everyone completely trusted Vakama 's vision - Matau was particularly frustrated at following what he considered the delusions of a `` fire-spitter '' - but with nothing else to go on they decided to track the Matoran down .	0.767	completely trusted	Not everyone	Vakama 's vision
Not everyone completely trusted Vakama 's vision - Matau was particularly frustrated at following what he considered the delusions of a `` fire-spitter '' - but with nothing else to go on they decided to track the Matoran down .	0.69	decided to track down	they	the Matoran
Not everyone completely trusted Vakama 's vision - Matau was particularly frustrated at following what he considered the delusions of a `` fire-spitter '' - but with nothing else to go on they decided to track the Matoran down .	0.64	considered	he	the delusions of a `` fire-spitter
Not everyone completely trusted Vakama 's vision - Matau was particularly frustrated at following what he considered the delusions of a `` fire-spitter '' - but with nothing else to go on they decided to track the Matoran down .	0.62	to track down	they	the Matoran
The community is served by the United States Postal Service Hinsdale Post Office .	0.912	is served by	The community	the United States Postal Service Hinsdale Post Office
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .	0.926	is for	My outlook	a decline of about 10 %
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .	0.581	says in	My outlook	she
He is one of Japan 's most prolific writers having authored and translated over a hundred different books , both fictional and non-fictional .	0.634	is	He	one of Japan 's most prolific writers
The number of CGG repeats correlates with penetrance and age of onset .	0.891	correlates with	The number of CGG repeats	penetrance and age of onset
The 2nd Battalion of the 13th Light Infantry was raised at Winchester in January 1858 .	0.919	was raised at	The 2nd Battalion of the 13th Light Infantry	Winchester
The 2nd Battalion of the 13th Light Infantry was raised at Winchester in January 1858 .	0.892	was raised in	The 2nd Battalion of the 13th Light Infantry	January 1858
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .	0.832	can fly to	a passenger	Denver
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .	0.812	can fly from	a passenger	Chardon
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .	0.694	be quoted by	prices	the company
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .	0.337	can fly for	a passenger	example
Thereafter , only a packaging machine manufacturer from Gudensberg used the line to ship his wares , and even then only weekly .	0.791	Thereafter used	a packaging machine manufacturer	the line
Thereafter , only a packaging machine manufacturer from Gudensberg used the line to ship his wares , and even then only weekly .	0.65	Thereafter used the line to ship	a packaging machine manufacturer	his wares
Thereafter , only a packaging machine manufacturer from Gudensberg used the line to ship his wares , and even then only weekly .	0.634	to ship	a packaging machine manufacturer	his wares
Mr. Phelan is an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions .	0.817	is	Mr. Phelan	an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions
`` Most people -- whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka -- have n't got a clue who we are , '' says Guy L. Smith , Philip Morris 's vice president of corporate affairs .	0.714	have n't got	Most people	a clue who we are
`` Most people -- whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka -- have n't got a clue who we are , '' says Guy L. Smith , Philip Morris 's vice president of corporate affairs .	0.663	be Philip Morris 's vice president of	Guy L. Smith	corporate affairs
`` Most people -- whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka -- have n't got a clue who we are , '' says Guy L. Smith , Philip Morris 's vice president of corporate affairs .	0.494	be vice president of corporate affairs of	Guy L. Smith	Philip Morris
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .	0.695	closed in	Stocks	Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington
On the first day of the 2014 U.S. Open , Rickie Fowler wore plus fours and argyle socks in tribute to Stewart .	0.788	wore on	Rickie Fowler	the first day of the 2014 U.S. Open
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .	0.853	has intensified with	The overcapacity problem	foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S.
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .	0.796	has intensified in	The overcapacity problem	recent years
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .	0.661	be beginning in	car and truck production	the U.S.
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .	0.612	beginning car and truck production in	foreign auto makers	the U.S.
On June 25 , 2012 , Circa launched the Violent Waves Pre-Order webpage , officially announcing the album 's title and release date , August 28 , 2012 , along with a new song titled `` Suitcase '' .	0.784	launched	Circa	the Violent Waves Pre-Order webpage
On June 25 , 2012 , Circa launched the Violent Waves Pre-Order webpage , officially announcing the album 's title and release date , August 28 , 2012 , along with a new song titled `` Suitcase '' .	0.728	launched the Violent Waves Pre-Order webpage on	Circa	June 25 , 2012
On June 25 , 2012 , Circa launched the Violent Waves Pre-Order webpage , officially announcing the album 's title and release date , August 28 , 2012 , along with a new song titled `` Suitcase '' .	0.55	be launched on	the Violent Waves Pre-Order webpage	June 25 , 2012
On June 25 , 2012 , Circa launched the Violent Waves Pre-Order webpage , officially announcing the album 's title and release date , August 28 , 2012 , along with a new song titled `` Suitcase '' .	0.536	launched the Violent Waves Pre-Order webpage officially announcing	Circa	the album 's title and release date
On June 25 , 2012 , Circa launched the Violent Waves Pre-Order webpage , officially announcing the album 's title and release date , August 28 , 2012 , along with a new song titled `` Suitcase '' .	0.38	launched the Violent Waves Pre-Order webpage in	Circa	June 25 , 2012
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .	0.844	also has n't filed any financial statements for	MiniScribe	1989
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .	0.81	also has n't filed	MiniScribe	any financial statements
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .	0.082	was	it	World War III or what
His second term , during which he shared the office initially with Tavaiqia , and later with Ratu Josefa Iloilo , ran from 12 January 1994 to 18 January 1999 , when Iloilo assumed the office on his own .	0.948	ran from	His second term during which he shared the office initially with Tavaiqia , and later with Ratu Josefa Iloilo	12 January 1994
His second term , during which he shared the office initially with Tavaiqia , and later with Ratu Josefa Iloilo , ran from 12 January 1994 to 18 January 1999 , when Iloilo assumed the office on his own .	0.907	ran to	His second term during which he shared the office initially with Tavaiqia , and later with Ratu Josefa Iloilo	18 January 1999
His second term , during which he shared the office initially with Tavaiqia , and later with Ratu Josefa Iloilo , ran from 12 January 1994 to 18 January 1999 , when Iloilo assumed the office on his own .	0.9	assumed the office on	Iloilo	his own
His second term , during which he shared the office initially with Tavaiqia , and later with Ratu Josefa Iloilo , ran from 12 January 1994 to 18 January 1999 , when Iloilo assumed the office on his own .	0.871	assumed	Iloilo	the office
His second term , during which he shared the office initially with Tavaiqia , and later with Ratu Josefa Iloilo , ran from 12 January 1994 to 18 January 1999 , when Iloilo assumed the office on his own .	0.762	be assumed on	the office	his own
His second term , during which he shared the office initially with Tavaiqia , and later with Ratu Josefa Iloilo , ran from 12 January 1994 to 18 January 1999 , when Iloilo assumed the office on his own .	0.582	shared initially with Tavaiqia later with Ratu Josefa Iloilo	he	the office
Joseph 's half-brother , Frank LaFlesche became a chief of the Ponca and was influential in the lives of Joseph 's children .	0.883	became a chief of	Joseph 's half-brother	the Ponca
Joseph 's half-brother , Frank LaFlesche became a chief of the Ponca and was influential in the lives of Joseph 's children .	0.79	became	Joseph 's half-brother	a chief of the Ponca and was influential
Joseph 's half-brother , Frank LaFlesche became a chief of the Ponca and was influential in the lives of Joseph 's children .	0.748	was	Joseph 's half-brother	a chief of the Ponca and was influential
Joseph 's half-brother , Frank LaFlesche became a chief of the Ponca and was influential in the lives of Joseph 's children .	0.713	was influential in	Joseph 's half-brother	the lives of Joseph 's children
Joseph 's half-brother , Frank LaFlesche became a chief of the Ponca and was influential in the lives of Joseph 's children .	0.41	be half-brother of	Frank LaFlesche	Joseph
The running gear consists of seven dual rubber-tyred road wheels and four return rollers per side , with the idler wheel at the front and drive sprocket at the rear .	0.893	consists of	The running gear	seven dual rubber-tyred road wheels and four return rollers
The running gear consists of seven dual rubber-tyred road wheels and four return rollers per side , with the idler wheel at the front and drive sprocket at the rear .	0.728	consists with	The running gear	the idler wheel
Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell - off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around .	0.791	bore off	Technology stocks	the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell
Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell - off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around .	0.636	bore off	traders	the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell
Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell - off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around .	0.632	's	it	natural
As part of the FTC settlement , it agreed to give rebates to any customers who requested them .	0.848	agreed to give rebates to	it	any customers who requested them
As part of the FTC settlement , it agreed to give rebates to any customers who requested them .	0.75	agreed to give	it	rebates
As part of the FTC settlement , it agreed to give rebates to any customers who requested them .	0.75	to give rebates to	it	any customers who requested them
As part of the FTC settlement , it agreed to give rebates to any customers who requested them .	0.709	to give to be	rebates	any customers who requested them
As part of the FTC settlement , it agreed to give rebates to any customers who requested them .	0.687	to give	it	rebates
As part of the FTC settlement , it agreed to give rebates to any customers who requested them .	0.677	agreed as	it	part of the FTC settlement
Bruinooge defeated Alcock by 111 votes on election day , in what most political observers described as a significant upset .	0.92	defeated Alcock by	Bruinooge	111 votes
Bruinooge defeated Alcock by 111 votes on election day , in what most political observers described as a significant upset .	0.838	defeated	Bruinooge	Alcock
Bruinooge defeated Alcock by 111 votes on election day , in what most political observers described as a significant upset .	0.832	described as	what most political observers	a significant upset
Bruinooge defeated Alcock by 111 votes on election day , in what most political observers described as a significant upset .	0.819	be defeated by	Alcock	111 votes
As the student of Torah ascends through the thought of the Pardes system , as the interpretations become more inward and spiritual , it becomes progressively understood that God desires man 's observance of the Jewish precepts , so to speak .	0.782	ascends through	the student of Torah	the thought of the Pardes system
As the student of Torah ascends through the thought of the Pardes system , as the interpretations become more inward and spiritual , it becomes progressively understood that God desires man 's observance of the Jewish precepts , so to speak .	0.535	desires	God	man 's observance of the Jewish precepts
This year , Mr. Wathen says the firm will be able to service debt and still turn a modest profit .	0.778	will be	the firm	able
This year , Mr. Wathen says the firm will be able to service debt and still turn a modest profit .	0.7	to service	the firm	debt
This year , Mr. Wathen says the firm will be able to service debt and still turn a modest profit .	0.676	says in	Mr. Wathen	This year
This year , Mr. Wathen says the firm will be able to service debt and still turn a modest profit .	0.617	to still turn	the firm	a modest profit
In recent years , Nissan has instituted flex - time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans .	0.796	to dress casually in	employees	blue jeans
In recent years , Nissan has instituted flex - time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans .	0.504	has instituted flex time work schedules in	Nissan	recent years
In recent years , Nissan has instituted flex - time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans .	0.42	has instituted flex allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans	Nissan	time work schedules
In recent years , Nissan has instituted flex - time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans .	0.333	has instituted flex allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans in	Nissan	recent years
Prior to the 2012 season , the Royals signed Yost to a contract extension through the 2013 season .	0.879	Prior to the 2012 season signed Yost to	the Royals	a contract extension
Prior to the 2012 season , the Royals signed Yost to a contract extension through the 2013 season .	0.862	Prior to the 2012 season signed Yost through	the Royals	the 2013 season
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .	0.798	still faces	the bill	budget questions
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .	0.576	also is	it	the vehicle
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .	0.747	has	Nekoosa	another takeover defense
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .	0.711	be merging for	acquired businesses	five years
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .	0.323	has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years in	Nekoosa	addition
In addition , further packaging of mortgage - backed securities , such as Blackstone 's fund , have reduced the effects of prepayment risk and automatically reinvest monthly payments so institutions do n't have to .	0.622	be backed in	securities	addition
Second , the dollar is showing persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy shown by economic indicators .	0.815	is showing persistent strength despite	the dollar	a slowdown shown by economic indicators
Second , the dollar is showing persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy shown by economic indicators .	0.769	is showing despite	persistent strength	a slowdown shown by economic indicators
Second , the dollar is showing persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy shown by economic indicators .	0.705	be shown by	a slowdown	economic indicators
Second , the dollar is showing persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy shown by economic indicators .	0.679	is showing	the dollar	persistent strength
It was united with the Clitheroe Rural District , as part of the Ribble Valley district in the non-metropolitan county of Lancashire .	0.898	was united as	It	part of the Ribble Valley district
It was united with the Clitheroe Rural District , as part of the Ribble Valley district in the non-metropolitan county of Lancashire .	0.848	was united with	It	the Clitheroe Rural District
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .	0.819	are often concerned with	Managers of government entities	the political and legal structure and financial
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .	0.547	is always as	report comparability making businesses	n't always as high
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .	0.338	be report comparability with	n't always as high	profit
In the context of a Stryker Brigade Combat Team 's Infantry Rifle Companies , one man from each fireteam in a rifle squad is either the Squad Anti-armor Specialist , armed with the FGM-148 Javelin , or the Squad Designated Marksman , who carries the M4 carbine and M14 rifle .	0.78	be armed with	the Squad Anti-armor Specialist	the FGM-148 Javelin , or the Squad Designated Marksman
In the context of a Stryker Brigade Combat Team 's Infantry Rifle Companies , one man from each fireteam in a rifle squad is either the Squad Anti-armor Specialist , armed with the FGM-148 Javelin , or the Squad Designated Marksman , who carries the M4 carbine and M14 rifle .	0.739	is either	one man	the Squad Anti-armor Specialist
In the context of a Stryker Brigade Combat Team 's Infantry Rifle Companies , one man from each fireteam in a rifle squad is either the Squad Anti-armor Specialist , armed with the FGM-148 Javelin , or the Squad Designated Marksman , who carries the M4 carbine and M14 rifle .	0.702	is either the Squad Anti-armor Specialist in	one man	the context of a Stryker Brigade Combat Team 's Infantry Rifle Companies
In the context of a Stryker Brigade Combat Team 's Infantry Rifle Companies , one man from each fireteam in a rifle squad is either the Squad Anti-armor Specialist , armed with the FGM-148 Javelin , or the Squad Designated Marksman , who carries the M4 carbine and M14 rifle .	0.601	be carries by	the M4 carbine and M14 rifle	the FGM-148 Javelin , or the Squad Designated Marksman
In the context of a Stryker Brigade Combat Team 's Infantry Rifle Companies , one man from each fireteam in a rifle squad is either the Squad Anti-armor Specialist , armed with the FGM-148 Javelin , or the Squad Designated Marksman , who carries the M4 carbine and M14 rifle .	0.486	be one man from	the Squad Anti-armor Specialist	each fireteam
In the context of a Stryker Brigade Combat Team 's Infantry Rifle Companies , one man from each fireteam in a rifle squad is either the Squad Anti-armor Specialist , armed with the FGM-148 Javelin , or the Squad Designated Marksman , who carries the M4 carbine and M14 rifle .	0.392	be one man in	the Squad Anti-armor Specialist	a rifle squad
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .	0.837	rose	Revenue	33 %
Despite the below-freezing temperatures , Beuerlein was red-hot , out-dueling Brett Favre and connecting on 29 of 42 attempts , with 3 TDs and no INTs , and passing for a then franchise-record 373 yards .	0.678	was	Beuerlein	red-hot
Despite the below-freezing temperatures , Beuerlein was red-hot , out-dueling Brett Favre and connecting on 29 of 42 attempts , with 3 TDs and no INTs , and passing for a then franchise-record 373 yards .	0.596	was red-hot despite	Beuerlein	the below-freezing temperatures
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .	0.866	have invested in	Japanese concerns	several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .	0.572	have invested during	Japanese concerns	the past five years
He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .	0.914	was caused by	the apparent shrinkage	the perspective
He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .	0.815	showed up with	He	a carpenter 's level
In the definitions offered by Beauchamp & Davidson and , later , by Wreen , consent on the part of the patient was not considered to be one of their criteria , although it may have been required to justify euthanasia .	0.62	be offered by	the definitions	Beauchamp
In the definitions offered by Beauchamp & Davidson and , later , by Wreen , consent on the part of the patient was not considered to be one of their criteria , although it may have been required to justify euthanasia .	0.539	to justify	it	euthanasia
In the definitions offered by Beauchamp & Davidson and , later , by Wreen , consent on the part of the patient was not considered to be one of their criteria , although it may have been required to justify euthanasia .	0.446	later was not considered by	consent	Wreen
Children born into slavery were also considered the property of the master .	0.816	were also considered	Children born into slavery	the property of the master
Children born into slavery were also considered the property of the master .	0.763	be born into	Children	slavery
Children born into slavery were also considered the property of the master .	0.64	be the property of	Children born into slavery	the master
Having been directed to found a monastery of his order in the United States in 1873 , Fr .	0.782	to be found in	a monastery of his order	1873
A nonsurgical alternative involves the use of a miotic to constrict the pupil and prevent the lens from luxating into the anterior chamber .	0.854	involves	A nonsurgical alternative	the use of a miotic
Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun , and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China .	0.92	began his public teachings of Falun Gong on	Li Hongzhi	13 May 1992
Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun , and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China .	0.858	began	Li Hongzhi	his public teachings of Falun Gong
Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun , and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China .	0.851	be began on	his public teachings of Falun Gong	13 May 1992
Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun , and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China .	0.767	taught	Li Hongzhi	Falun Gong exercises
Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun , and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China .	0.752	be taught across	Falun Gong exercises	China
Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun , and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China .	0.73	taught Falun Gong exercises across	Li Hongzhi	China
Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun , and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China .	0.672	began his public teachings of Falun Gong in	Li Hongzhi	13 May 1992
Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun , and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China .	0.66	subsequently gave	Li Hongzhi	lectures
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .	0.519	did n't want at	the government	the same time
Walcott was brought on one knee in the third round and the fight ended with hardly a scratch on Langford .	0.935	was brought on	Walcott	one knee
Walcott was brought on one knee in the third round and the fight ended with hardly a scratch on Langford .	0.885	was brought in	Walcott	the third round
Walcott was brought on one knee in the third round and the fight ended with hardly a scratch on Langford .	0.844	ended with	the fight	a scratch
Fractionally charged quasiparticles are neither bosons nor fermions and exhibit anyonic statistics .	0.744	exhibit	charged quasiparticles	anyonic statistics
Although the Treasury will announce details of the November refunding tomorrow , it could be delayed if Congress and President Bush fail to increase the Treasury 's borrowing capacity .	0.622	will announce	the Treasury	details of the November refunding
Although the Treasury will announce details of the November refunding tomorrow , it could be delayed if Congress and President Bush fail to increase the Treasury 's borrowing capacity .	0.106	fail to increase	Congress and President Bush	the Treasury 's borrowing capacity
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation .	0.913	took off in	The field	1985
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation .	0.751	developed	scientists	a handy , compact magnet
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation .	0.7	took off	The field	1985
In `` Scarpetta '' , she has relocated to Massachusetts , where she is an M.E. , but she and Benton also share an apartment in New York City .	0.895	has relocated to	Scarpetta	Massachusetts
In `` Scarpetta '' , she has relocated to Massachusetts , where she is an M.E. , but she and Benton also share an apartment in New York City .	0.846	also share	she and Benton	an apartment
In `` Scarpetta '' , she has relocated to Massachusetts , where she is an M.E. , but she and Benton also share an apartment in New York City .	0.539	is	she	an M.E.
In Van Howe 's study , all cases of meatal stenosis were among circumcised boys .	0.894	were among	all cases of meatal stenosis	circumcised boys
In Van Howe 's study , all cases of meatal stenosis were among circumcised boys .	0.695	were in	all cases of meatal stenosis	Van Howe 's study
The lodge ceremonial teams bring flair to other events at the council district and unit level .	0.85	bring flair to	The lodge ceremonial teams	other events
The lodge ceremonial teams bring flair to other events at the council district and unit level .	0.751	bring	The lodge ceremonial teams	flair
The campaign , which started last week and runs through Nov. 23 , with funds earmarked for both the quake and Hugo , `` was Barry 's idea , '' a spokeswoman says .	0.781	runs through	The campaign which started last week	Nov. 23
The campaign , which started last week and runs through Nov. 23 , with funds earmarked for both the quake and Hugo , `` was Barry 's idea , '' a spokeswoman says .	0.524	was idea of	The campaign which started last week and runs through Nov. 23	Barry
The campaign , which started last week and runs through Nov. 23 , with funds earmarked for both the quake and Hugo , `` was Barry 's idea , '' a spokeswoman says .	0.489	was	The campaign which started last week and runs through Nov. 23	Barry 's idea
The campaign , which started last week and runs through Nov. 23 , with funds earmarked for both the quake and Hugo , `` was Barry 's idea , '' a spokeswoman says .	0.443	be earmarked for	funds	the quake and Hugo
The campaign , which started last week and runs through Nov. 23 , with funds earmarked for both the quake and Hugo , `` was Barry 's idea , '' a spokeswoman says .	0.376	be The campaign with	Barry 's idea	funds earmarked for both the quake and Hugo
These so-called model villages were envisioned as a self-contained community for the factory workers .	0.929	were envisioned as	These so-called model villages	a self-contained community
Mark composed a wealth of poetic texts honoring God and the saints , many of which were intended for use in a liturgical setting .	0.705	composed	Mark	a wealth of poetic texts
The British Army had been shown to be overstretched by the Crimean War , while the mutiny in India had led to the responsibility for providing a garrison in the subcontinent from the Honourable East India Company to the Crown forces .	0.772	had led to	the mutiny	the responsibility
The British Army had been shown to be overstretched by the Crimean War , while the mutiny in India had led to the responsibility for providing a garrison in the subcontinent from the Honourable East India Company to the Crown forces .	0.707	be providing in	a garrison	the subcontinent
The British Army had been shown to be overstretched by the Crimean War , while the mutiny in India had led to the responsibility for providing a garrison in the subcontinent from the Honourable East India Company to the Crown forces .	0.511	be providing to	a garrison	the Crown forces
The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label .	0.807	also has	The ensemble	extensive recordings
The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label .	0.345	be extensive recordings with	Dorian Recordings	Deutsche Grammophon
The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label .	0.345	be extensive recordings with	Newport Classic	Deutsche Grammophon
On a 394 - 21 roll call , the House adopted the underlying transportation measure .	0.796	adopted	the House	the underlying transportation measure
On a 394 - 21 roll call , the House adopted the underlying transportation measure .	0.695	adopted the underlying transportation measure on	the House	a 394 - 21 roll call
On a 394 - 21 roll call , the House adopted the underlying transportation measure .	0.565	be adopted on	the underlying transportation measure	a 394 - 21 roll call
Because of Muhammad 's role in its formation , the alliance plays a significant role in Islamic ethics .	0.798	plays	the alliance	a significant role
Because of Muhammad 's role in its formation , the alliance plays a significant role in Islamic ethics .	0.728	plays a significant role in Islamic ethics of	the alliance	Muhammad 's role
Each time Cluemaster escapes or starts some new plan , Stephanie dons her costume again .	0.707	dons her costume again in	Stephanie	Each time Cluemaster escapes or starts some new plan
Each time Cluemaster escapes or starts some new plan , Stephanie dons her costume again .	0.549	dons again	Stephanie	her costume
The streets were not renamed until several decades passed , with Olaf Street eventually changed to Main Street , Kanut Street to Third Street , etc. .	0.857	were not renamed with	The streets	Olaf Street
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .	0.894	are used for	Computers	data gathering
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .	0.833	manages the integrated - technologies group in	Roger J. Boisvert	McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .	0.527	be manages by	the integrated - technologies group	Roger J. Boisvert
11 million copies of the flyer were distributed to the public via an 85-newspaper distribution chain .	0.929	were distributed to	11 million copies of the flyer	the public
11 million copies of the flyer were distributed to the public via an 85-newspaper distribution chain .	0.898	were distributed via	11 million copies of the flyer	an 85-newspaper distribution chain
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .	0.829	helped to forge	the promise of at least $ 15 million	a partnership
The ninth leaf contains a circular world map measuring in circumference .	0.853	contains	The ninth leaf	a circular world map measuring in circumference
The ninth leaf contains a circular world map measuring in circumference .	0.729	measuring in	a circular world map	circumference
The University of Florida however , refused to recognize BYX .	0.825	refused to recognize	The University of Florida	BYX
The University of Florida however , refused to recognize BYX .	0.775	to recognize	The University of Florida	BYX
Historically , Aiseau was a village dedicated to agriculture , logging , but also to the industry .	0.77	Historically was	Aiseau	a village dedicated to agriculture , logging
Historically , Aiseau was a village dedicated to agriculture , logging , but also to the industry .	0.752	be dedicated to	a village	agriculture
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.869	was spread out 7.4 % from	the population	18
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.869	was spread out 7.4 % from	the population	25
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.869	was spread out 7.4 % with	the population	17.6 %
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.863	was spread out 7.4 % under	the population	the age of 18
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.841	were 65 years of	22.1 %	age or older
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.819	was spread out 7.4 % to	the population	24
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 26.5 % from	the population	18
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 26.5 % from	the population	25
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 26.5 % from	the population	45
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 26.5 % with	the population	17.6 %
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 7.4 % from	the population	45
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.761	was spread out 26.5 % under	the population	the age of 18
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 26.5 % to	the population	24
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 26.5 % to	the population	44
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 26.5 % to	the population	64
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 7.4 % to	the population	44
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 7.4 % to	the population	64
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.679	was spread out 7.4 % in	the population	the township
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.515	was spread out 26.5 % in	the population	the township
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.489	was spread out 26.5 %	the population	26.5 %
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.489	was spread out 26.5 %	the population	7.4 %
In the township the population was spread out with 17.6 % under the age of 18 , 7.4 % from 18 to 24 , 26.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.1 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.489	was spread out 7.4 %	the population	26.5 %
The EMEA region is supported by offices in Paris and Milan , while Kroll 's office in Dubai provides risk consultancy services in the Gulf .	0.929	is supported by	The EMEA region	offices
The EMEA region is supported by offices in Paris and Milan , while Kroll 's office in Dubai provides risk consultancy services in the Gulf .	0.764	provides risk consultancy services in	Kroll 's office	the Gulf
The EMEA region is supported by offices in Paris and Milan , while Kroll 's office in Dubai provides risk consultancy services in the Gulf .	0.699	provides	Kroll 's office	risk consultancy services
A famous example is when Scooter Libby , former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney , was referred to as a `` former Hill staffer '' by `` New York Times '' reporter Judith Miller .	0.779	was referred as	Scooter Libby	a `` former Hill staffer
A famous example is when Scooter Libby , former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney , was referred to as a `` former Hill staffer '' by `` New York Times '' reporter Judith Miller .	0.739	be former chief of	Scooter Libby	staff
A famous example is when Scooter Libby , former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney , was referred to as a `` former Hill staffer '' by `` New York Times '' reporter Judith Miller .	0.596	be former chief of staff to	Scooter Libby	Vice President Dick Cheney
Watson has served as Minority Leader since elected by his caucus in November 1998 .	0.853	has served as	Watson	Minority Leader
New Jersey Transit provides bus service on the 315 route that runs between Cape May and Philadelphia .	0.912	provides bus service on	New Jersey Transit	the 315 route that runs between Cape May and Philadelphia
New Jersey Transit provides bus service on the 315 route that runs between Cape May and Philadelphia .	0.822	provides	New Jersey Transit	bus service
New Jersey Transit provides bus service on the 315 route that runs between Cape May and Philadelphia .	0.726	runs between	the 315 route	Cape May and Philadelphia
According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the region of Samaria , but from the fact that they were the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion .	0.882	however is not derived from	the Samaritan ethnonym	the region of Samaria
According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the region of Samaria , but from the fact that they were the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion .	0.833	were the `` Guardians of	they	the true Israelite religion
According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the region of Samaria , but from the fact that they were the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion .	0.823	were	they	the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion
In 1954 , a KOMO news photographer discovered a way to develop color film in a new process that took just a few hours instead of days .	0.886	discovered	a KOMO news photographer	a way to develop color film in a new process
In 1954 , a KOMO news photographer discovered a way to develop color film in a new process that took just a few hours instead of days .	0.812	be took instead of	a few hours	days
In 1954 , a KOMO news photographer discovered a way to develop color film in a new process that took just a few hours instead of days .	0.796	to be develop in	color film	a new process that took just a few hours instead of days
In 1954 , a KOMO news photographer discovered a way to develop color film in a new process that took just a few hours instead of days .	0.777	took just a few hours instead of	a new process	days
In 1954 , a KOMO news photographer discovered a way to develop color film in a new process that took just a few hours instead of days .	0.565	be discovered in	a way to develop color film in a new process	1954
In 1954 , a KOMO news photographer discovered a way to develop color film in a new process that took just a few hours instead of days .	0.544	discovered a way to develop color film in a new process that took just a few hours instead of days in	a KOMO news photographer	1954
In 1954 , a KOMO news photographer discovered a way to develop color film in a new process that took just a few hours instead of days .	0.255	discovered a way to develop color film in a new process that took just a few hours instead of days	a KOMO news photographer	1954
Some arrived as students and tourists whilst others left the island due to the harsh economic and political life during the British colony of Cyprus .	0.822	be left during	the island	the British colony of Cyprus
Some arrived as students and tourists whilst others left the island due to the harsh economic and political life during the British colony of Cyprus .	0.773	left the island due to the harsh economic and political life during	students and tourists	the British colony of Cyprus
Some arrived as students and tourists whilst others left the island due to the harsh economic and political life during the British colony of Cyprus .	0.619	left	students and tourists	the island
The school offers eight honors classes and fifteen Advanced Placement classes .	0.782	offers	The school	eight honors classes and fifteen Advanced Placement classes
The Persian contingent that was supposed to guard the defile soon abandoned it , and Alexander passed through without any problems .	0.903	passed through without	Alexander	any problems
The Persian contingent that was supposed to guard the defile soon abandoned it , and Alexander passed through without any problems .	0.894	passed through without	The Persian contingent that was supposed to guard the defile soon	any problems
The Persian contingent that was supposed to guard the defile soon abandoned it , and Alexander passed through without any problems .	0.712	abandoned	The Persian contingent that was supposed to guard the defile soon	it
The Persian contingent that was supposed to guard the defile soon abandoned it , and Alexander passed through without any problems .	0.571	abandoned	Alexander	it
September was the 10th consecutive month in which steel exports failed to reach the year - earlier level .	0.819	was	September	the 10th consecutive month in which steel exports failed to reach the year - earlier level
September was the 10th consecutive month in which steel exports failed to reach the year - earlier level .	0.796	failed to reach	steel exports	earlier level
September was the 10th consecutive month in which steel exports failed to reach the year - earlier level .	0.741	to reach	steel exports	earlier level
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .	0.767	swept aside	the high court	all capital
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .	0.565	be swept aside in	all capital	1972
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .	0.544	swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional in	the high court	1972
Nocturnal animals at Craters of the Moon include woodrats , skunks , foxes , bobcats , mountain lions , bats , nighthawks , owls , and most other small desert rodents .	0.767	include	Nocturnal animals	woodrats , skunks , foxes , bobcats , mountain lions , bats , nighthawks , owls , and most other small desert rodents
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .	0.925	are used to	Japanese institutional investors	quarterly or semiannual payments
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .	0.722	posed	the monthly cash flow	administrative problems
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .	0.903	met at	The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers	the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .	0.673	specializing in	a law firm	takeover defense
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .	0.617	met in	The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers	the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .	0.431	be chairman of	Mr. Laidig	The company
Rather than raising new infantry regiments , the senior regiments of foot were each ordered to raise a second battalion , with the existing regiment being redesignated as the 1st Battalion .	0.841	to raise a second battalion with	the senior regiments of foot	the existing regiment being redesignated as the 1st Battalion
Rather than raising new infantry regiments , the senior regiments of foot were each ordered to raise a second battalion , with the existing regiment being redesignated as the 1st Battalion .	0.786	to be raise with	a second battalion	the existing regiment being redesignated as the 1st Battalion
Rather than raising new infantry regiments , the senior regiments of foot were each ordered to raise a second battalion , with the existing regiment being redesignated as the 1st Battalion .	0.631	being redesignated as	the existing regiment	the 1st Battalion
Though this time , the Brumbies won , 47 to 38 in front of a record crowd at Canberra Stadium .	0.782	won	the Brumbies	47
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .	0.774	will seek	it	a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .	0.699	engages	the state of Michigan	discrimination
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .	0.58	engages discrimination against female employees in	the state of Michigan	wage
The PAC bulletins were widely distributed at these meetings .	0.919	were widely distributed at	The PAC bulletins	these meetings
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .	0.649	can cause regardless of index arbitrage	they	big swings
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .	0.628	have	big institutions	much control
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .	0.358	said for	Mr. Phelan	example
The Triple-A Baseball National Championship Game was established in 2006 .	0.826	was established in	The Triple-A Baseball National Championship Game	2006
African rice helped Africa conquer its famine of 1203 .	0.8	conquer	Africa	its famine of 1203
The Harvard Library Board is composed of six permanent members and five rotating members who serve three years each , with their initial terms staggered .	0.555	serve three years each with	six permanent members and five rotating members	their initial terms
After his parents separated because of his father 's long trips , the younger La Flesche lived with his mother and her family among the Omaha .	0.876	lived with	the younger La Flesche	his mother and her family
After his parents separated because of his father 's long trips , the younger La Flesche lived with his mother and her family among the Omaha .	0.834	be separated because of	his parents	his father 's long trips the younger La Flesche lived with his mother and her family among the Omaha
Alan , one of the crew , begins to behave strangely and Pete suggests taking a blood sample to check .	0.832	begins to behave strangely	Alan	strangely and Pete
Alan , one of the crew , begins to behave strangely and Pete suggests taking a blood sample to check .	0.801	to behave strangely	Alan	strangely and Pete
Alan , one of the crew , begins to behave strangely and Pete suggests taking a blood sample to check .	0.727	begins to behave pete	Alan	strangely and Pete
Alan , one of the crew , begins to behave strangely and Pete suggests taking a blood sample to check .	0.684	to behave pete	Alan	strangely and Pete
Lawyers would eagerly seize on the provision in their death - penalty appeals , says Richard Burr , director of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund 's capital - punishment defense team .	0.887	would eagerly seize on	Lawyers	the provision
Lawyers would eagerly seize on the provision in their death - penalty appeals , says Richard Burr , director of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund 's capital - punishment defense team .	0.591	be director of	Richard Burr	the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund 's capital
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square .	0.824	have	church accountants	high hopes expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square .	0.665	is now investing heavily in	Moon 's Tong 'Il industry conglomerate	China
To this they admitted that they had sinned but now they had repented for it and he should do the same .	0.785	To admitted of	they	they
To this they admitted that they had sinned but now they had repented for it and he should do the same .	0.718	had should do	they	the same
To this they admitted that they had sinned but now they had repented for it and he should do the same .	0.674	now had repented should for	they	it
To this they admitted that they had sinned but now they had repented for it and he should do the same .	0.666	To admitted	they	they
To this they admitted that they had sinned but now they had repented for it and he should do the same .	0.643	To admitted of	they	he
To this they admitted that they had sinned but now they had repented for it and he should do the same .	0.531	had should do	he	the same
To this they admitted that they had sinned but now they had repented for it and he should do the same .	0.496	To admitted	they	he
To this they admitted that they had sinned but now they had repented for it and he should do the same .	0.311	now had repented should for	he	it
Foundations are normally built below the frost depth for this reason .	0.929	are normally built below	Foundations	the frost depth
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .	0.788	influences	the Fed	the rate
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .	0.674	be adding from	reserves	the banking system
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .	0.662	is charge each other on	the rate banks	overnight loans
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .	0.661	is charge each other on	Fed funds	overnight loans
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .	0.66	is charge	the rate banks	each other
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .	0.659	is charge	Fed funds	each other
Terms call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares .	0.744	to issue	First Security	about 0.55 share of its stock
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .	0.711	'd rather build	I	a company
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .	0.703	said at	he	the time of his resignation
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .	0.689	said in	he	an interview
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .	0.389	said	he	an interview
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .	0.356	said to	he	the time of his resignation
At the same time she began to work as an artist in TGTO&B , she became a follower of Pyotr Tikhonovich Speranski , one of the greatest masters of scena , the creator of Tatar national decorative art .	0.859	began to work as	she	an artist
At the same time she began to work as an artist in TGTO&B , she became a follower of Pyotr Tikhonovich Speranski , one of the greatest masters of scena , the creator of Tatar national decorative art .	0.85	became a follower of	she	Pyotr Tikhonovich Speranski
At the same time she began to work as an artist in TGTO&B , she became a follower of Pyotr Tikhonovich Speranski , one of the greatest masters of scena , the creator of Tatar national decorative art .	0.766	to work as	she	an artist
At the same time she began to work as an artist in TGTO&B , she became a follower of Pyotr Tikhonovich Speranski , one of the greatest masters of scena , the creator of Tatar national decorative art .	0.675	became	she	a follower of Pyotr Tikhonovich Speranski
At the same time she began to work as an artist in TGTO&B , she became a follower of Pyotr Tikhonovich Speranski , one of the greatest masters of scena , the creator of Tatar national decorative art .	0.629	became a follower of	Pyotr Tikhonovich Speranski	the creator of Tatar national decorative art
At the same time she began to work as an artist in TGTO&B , she became a follower of Pyotr Tikhonovich Speranski , one of the greatest masters of scena , the creator of Tatar national decorative art .	0.601	began at	she	the same time
At the same time she began to work as an artist in TGTO&B , she became a follower of Pyotr Tikhonovich Speranski , one of the greatest masters of scena , the creator of Tatar national decorative art .	0.573	became a follower of	Pyotr Tikhonovich Speranski	one of the greatest masters of scena
At the same time she began to work as an artist in TGTO&B , she became a follower of Pyotr Tikhonovich Speranski , one of the greatest masters of scena , the creator of Tatar national decorative art .	0.551	be the creator of	Pyotr Tikhonovich Speranski	Tatar national decorative art
At the same time she began to work as an artist in TGTO&B , she became a follower of Pyotr Tikhonovich Speranski , one of the greatest masters of scena , the creator of Tatar national decorative art .	0.252	began in	she	the same time
Born in Washington , D.C. to a British father and an American mother , Florence King grew up in the District with her parents , a sister , her maternal grandmother and her grandmother 's maid .	0.686	be Born to	Florence King	a British father and an American mother
Born in Washington , D.C. to a British father and an American mother , Florence King grew up in the District with her parents , a sister , her maternal grandmother and her grandmother 's maid .	0.615	be Born in	Washington	D.C.
Born in Washington , D.C. to a British father and an American mother , Florence King grew up in the District with her parents , a sister , her maternal grandmother and her grandmother 's maid .	0.553	be Born to	a British father and an American mother	Florence King
Born in Washington , D.C. to a British father and an American mother , Florence King grew up in the District with her parents , a sister , her maternal grandmother and her grandmother 's maid .	0.471	be Born in	D.C.	Washington
The Main Street Tunnel , located in Welland , Ontario , Canada , is an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal .	0.778	be located in	The Main Street Tunnel	Welland
The Main Street Tunnel , located in Welland , Ontario , Canada , is an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal .	0.704	is	The Main Street Tunnel	an underwater tunnel
The Main Street Tunnel , located in Welland , Ontario , Canada , is an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal .	0.432	be located in	Welland	Canada
He left only a small contingent to guard the defile , and took his entire army to destroy the plain that lay ahead of Alexander 's army .	0.734	left	He	a small contingent to guard the defile
He left only a small contingent to guard the defile , and took his entire army to destroy the plain that lay ahead of Alexander 's army .	0.552	took	He	his entire army
All of the exegetical works of Eusebius have suffered damage in transmission .	0.379	works of	exegetical	Eusebius
All of the exegetical works of Eusebius have suffered damage in transmission .	0.322	be works of	exegetical	Eusebius
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .	0.817	be designed as	national laboratories	pilot centers
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .	0.724	is	The Los Alamos laboratory	one of three U.S. Department of Energy
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .	0.708	to speed to be	the transfer of new superconductors	the marketplace
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .	0.873	now has declined in	The OTC market	eight of the past 11 sessions
Mr. Ackerman contended that it was a direct response to his efforts to gain control of Datapoint .	0.83	was a direct response to	it	his efforts to gain control of Datapoint
Mr. Ackerman contended that it was a direct response to his efforts to gain control of Datapoint .	0.521	was	it	a direct response
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .	0.9	specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to	The president	Moscow
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .	0.875	specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice as	The president	a possible topic
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .	0.828	specifically mentioned	The president	U.S. economic advice
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .	0.78	be specifically mentioned to	U.S. economic advice	Moscow
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .	0.768	be specifically mentioned as	U.S. economic advice	a possible topic
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus .	0.879	is either for	more than half the PC software sold	spreadsheets or for
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus .	0.654	is either in	more than half the PC software sold	the U.S.
In 1991 , Status Quo received a Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music .	0.916	received a Brit Award for	Status Quo	Outstanding Contribution
In 1991 , Status Quo received a Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music .	0.869	received a Brit Award to	Status Quo	Music
In 1991 , Status Quo received a Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music .	0.842	received	Status Quo	a Brit Award
In 1991 , Status Quo received a Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music .	0.794	be received for	a Brit Award	Outstanding Contribution
In 1991 , Status Quo received a Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music .	0.752	be received to	a Brit Award	Music
In 1991 , Status Quo received a Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music .	0.728	received a Brit Award in	Status Quo	1991
In 1991 , Status Quo received a Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music .	0.55	be received in	a Brit Award	1991
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .	0.773	be agency of	N W Ayer	New York
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .	0.597	resigned about two weeks ago	N W Ayer	the account
At no time did any of these sects constitute a majority ; most Jews were non-sectarian .	0.753	were	most Jews	non-sectarian
At one point , almost all of the shares in the 20 - stock Major Market Index , which mimics the industrial average , were sharply higher .	0.606	be mimics by	the industrial average	stock Major Market Index
The middle sister of three , she was married to French military officer Alphonse Emil Alfred Latrique for a few years .	0.929	was married to	The middle sister of three	French military officer
The middle sister of three , she was married to French military officer Alphonse Emil Alfred Latrique for a few years .	0.898	was married for	The middle sister of three	a few years
The middle sister of three , she was married to French military officer Alphonse Emil Alfred Latrique for a few years .	0.885	was married to	she	French military officer
The middle sister of three , she was married to French military officer Alphonse Emil Alfred Latrique for a few years .	0.837	was married for	she	a few years
Congress still is struggling to dismantle the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988 , which boosted benefits for the elderly and taxed them to pay for the new coverage .	0.795	to dismantle	Congress	the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988
Congress still is struggling to dismantle the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988 , which boosted benefits for the elderly and taxed them to pay for the new coverage .	0.701	still is struggling to dismantle	Congress	the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988
Jewish tradition holds that Samaria is named so because the region 's mountainous terrain was used to keep `` Guard '' for incoming enemy attack .	0.687	to keep for	the region 's mountainous terrain	incoming enemy attack
His discovery allowed KOMO-TV to become the first television station in the nation to broadcast in true color .	0.854	to become the first television station in	KOMO-TV	the nation
His discovery allowed KOMO-TV to become the first television station in the nation to broadcast in true color .	0.704	to become	KOMO-TV	the first television station to broadcast in true color
The university also has a class center in Vicksburg .	0.807	also has	The university	a class center
The university also has a class center in Vicksburg .	0.762	also has in	The university	Vicksburg
The gene thus can prevent a plant from fertilizing itself .	0.808	thus can prevent	The gene	a plant
`` Greenfish '' was launched by the Electric Boat Co. , Groton , Conn. , 21 December 1945 ; sponsored by Mrs. Thomas J. Doyle ; and commissioned 7 June 1946 , Comdr. R. M. Metcalf commanding .	0.903	was launched by	Greenfish	the Electric Boat Co.
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .	0.781	said in	the expected publication of the proposal	recent testimony
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .	0.77	said in	Treasury officials	recent testimony
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .	0.735	is	the expected publication of the proposal	the first official step
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .	0.716	be the expected publication of	the first official step	the proposal
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .	0.667	were considering	they	the new reporting requirements
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .	0.598	said to	recent testimony	the expected publication of the proposal
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .	0.567	is	Treasury officials	the first official step
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .	0.506	said	the expected publication of the proposal	recent testimony
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .	0.49	said	Treasury officials	recent testimony
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .	0.394	said to	recent testimony	Treasury officials
Lewis Carroll , in `` Sylvie and Bruno Concluded '' , made the point humorously with his description of a fictional map that had `` the scale of a mile to the mile '' .	0.914	made the point humorously with	Lewis Carroll	his description of a fictional map
Lewis Carroll , in `` Sylvie and Bruno Concluded '' , made the point humorously with his description of a fictional map that had `` the scale of a mile to the mile '' .	0.88	made the point humorously in	Lewis Carroll	Sylvie and Bruno Concluded
Lewis Carroll , in `` Sylvie and Bruno Concluded '' , made the point humorously with his description of a fictional map that had `` the scale of a mile to the mile '' .	0.779	be had to	the scale of a mile	the mile
Lewis Carroll , in `` Sylvie and Bruno Concluded '' , made the point humorously with his description of a fictional map that had `` the scale of a mile to the mile '' .	0.724	made humorously	Lewis Carroll	the point
Lewis Carroll , in `` Sylvie and Bruno Concluded '' , made the point humorously with his description of a fictional map that had `` the scale of a mile to the mile '' .	0.71	be made humorously with	the point	his description of a fictional map
Lewis Carroll , in `` Sylvie and Bruno Concluded '' , made the point humorously with his description of a fictional map that had `` the scale of a mile to the mile '' .	0.605	had the scale of a mile to	a fictional map	the mile
Lewis Carroll , in `` Sylvie and Bruno Concluded '' , made the point humorously with his description of a fictional map that had `` the scale of a mile to the mile '' .	0.517	be made humorously in	the point	Sylvie and Bruno Concluded
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .	0.793	expressed	Some legislators	concern
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .	0.668	would possibly damage	tax increase	chances of a major gas
People familiar with Nekoosa said its board is n't likely to meet before the week after next to respond to the bid .	0.794	is	its board	n't likely
The establishment of a museum had first been planned in 1821 by the Philosophical Society of Australasia , and although specimens were collected , the Society folded in 1822 .	0.852	had first been planned in	The establishment of a museum	1821
The establishment of a museum had first been planned in 1821 by the Philosophical Society of Australasia , and although specimens were collected , the Society folded in 1822 .	0.799	had first been planned by	The establishment of a museum	the Philosophical Society of Australasia
The establishment of a museum had first been planned in 1821 by the Philosophical Society of Australasia , and although specimens were collected , the Society folded in 1822 .	0.708	had folded in	The establishment of a museum	1822
The establishment of a museum had first been planned in 1821 by the Philosophical Society of Australasia , and although specimens were collected , the Society folded in 1822 .	0.683	had folded in	the Society	1822
The establishment of a museum had first been planned in 1821 by the Philosophical Society of Australasia , and although specimens were collected , the Society folded in 1822 .	0.647	had first been planned by	the Society	the Philosophical Society of Australasia
The establishment of a museum had first been planned in 1821 by the Philosophical Society of Australasia , and although specimens were collected , the Society folded in 1822 .	0.556	had first been planned in	the Society	1821
Other critics have approved of the sobriquet , finding it evocative or in line with their own interpretation of the work .	0.933	have approved of	Other critics	the sobriquet
22 of which reached the Top 10 in the UK Singles Chart .	0.768	be reached in	the Top 10	the UK Singles Chart
Andrew Lang included it in `` The Lilac Fairy Book '' .	0.887	included it in	Andrew Lang	The Lilac Fairy Book
Andrew Lang included it in `` The Lilac Fairy Book '' .	0.809	included	Andrew Lang	it
Andrew Lang included it in `` The Lilac Fairy Book '' .	0.634	be included in	it	The Lilac Fairy Book
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	0.805	contrasts	Armah	the two worlds of materialism
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	0.7	be two worlds of	the two worlds of materialism	integrity and social pressure
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .	0.879	Also rose 1 3\/8 to	SmithKline Beecham	39 1\/2
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .	0.807	Also rose	SmithKline Beecham	1 3\/8
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .	0.78	be Also rose to	1 3\/8	39 1\/2
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''	0.554	's just	It	comic
Ms. Shere has offered a $ 500 reward for the book 's return but figures she 'll have to reinvent many recipes from scratch .	0.81	has offered	Ms. Shere	a $ 500 reward
Ms. Shere has offered a $ 500 reward for the book 's return but figures she 'll have to reinvent many recipes from scratch .	0.754	'll have to reinvent many recipes from	she	scratch
Ms. Shere has offered a $ 500 reward for the book 's return but figures she 'll have to reinvent many recipes from scratch .	0.711	'll have to reinvent	she	many recipes
Ms. Shere has offered a $ 500 reward for the book 's return but figures she 'll have to reinvent many recipes from scratch .	0.704	to be reinvent from	many recipes	scratch
Ms. Shere has offered a $ 500 reward for the book 's return but figures she 'll have to reinvent many recipes from scratch .	0.685	to reinvent	she	many recipes
The larval Battra was drawn to the newly hatched incarnation of Mothra , but was distracted by the presence of Godzilla , who had also been awakened by the meteorite .	0.921	was drawn to	The larval Battra	the newly hatched incarnation of Mothra
The last time IBM tapped the corporate debt market was in April 1988 , when it offered $ 500 million of debt securities .	0.87	was in	The last time IBM tapped the corporate debt market	April 1988
The last time IBM tapped the corporate debt market was in April 1988 , when it offered $ 500 million of debt securities .	0.618	tapped	IBM	the corporate debt market
He is also known for his `` Aramata Collection '' , a private library housing thousands of rare books from the 18th and 19th centuries .	0.809	is also known for	He	his `` Aramata Collection
He is also known for his `` Aramata Collection '' , a private library housing thousands of rare books from the 18th and 19th centuries .	0.686	is also known for	his `` Aramata Collection	a private library housing thousands of rare books
He is also known for his `` Aramata Collection '' , a private library housing thousands of rare books from the 18th and 19th centuries .	0.643	be a private library housing thousands of	his `` Aramata Collection	rare books
He is also known for his `` Aramata Collection '' , a private library housing thousands of rare books from the 18th and 19th centuries .	0.559	be a private library housing thousands of rare books from	his `` Aramata Collection	the 18th and 19th centuries
The Somerset & Dorset Railway Heritage Trust one day hopes to operate steam trains for a mile up to Chilcompton Tunnel but there remains much to do before this can happen .	0.766	hopes to operate steam trains for	The Somerset	a mile
The Somerset & Dorset Railway Heritage Trust one day hopes to operate steam trains for a mile up to Chilcompton Tunnel but there remains much to do before this can happen .	0.755	hopes to operate steam trains for	Dorset Railway Heritage Trust one day	a mile
The Somerset & Dorset Railway Heritage Trust one day hopes to operate steam trains for a mile up to Chilcompton Tunnel but there remains much to do before this can happen .	0.746	hopes to operate	The Somerset	steam trains
The Somerset & Dorset Railway Heritage Trust one day hopes to operate steam trains for a mile up to Chilcompton Tunnel but there remains much to do before this can happen .	0.735	hopes to operate	Dorset Railway Heritage Trust one day	steam trains
The Somerset & Dorset Railway Heritage Trust one day hopes to operate steam trains for a mile up to Chilcompton Tunnel but there remains much to do before this can happen .	0.727	to operate steam trains for	The Somerset	a mile
The Somerset & Dorset Railway Heritage Trust one day hopes to operate steam trains for a mile up to Chilcompton Tunnel but there remains much to do before this can happen .	0.715	to operate steam trains for	Dorset Railway Heritage Trust one day	a mile
The Somerset & Dorset Railway Heritage Trust one day hopes to operate steam trains for a mile up to Chilcompton Tunnel but there remains much to do before this can happen .	0.59	to be operate for	steam trains	a mile
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .	0.696	be chairman of	John Philip Jones	the advertising department
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .	0.496	see extra messages will in	People	advertising
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .	0.494	see will	People	extra messages
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .	0.325	see extra messages will in	consumers	advertising
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .	0.323	see will	consumers	extra messages
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .	0.16	to get	a manufacturer	something
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .	0.103	is clearly trying to get	a manufacturer	something
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .	0.075	's too	it	transparent
Their performance was well received and inspired Ruby Hunter , Archie Roach 's partner , to dub the trio Tiddas , which is Koori English for the word sisters .	0.455	be partner of	Ruby Hunter	Archie Roach
These orientations allow easy movement , i.e. degrees of freedom , and thus lowers entropy minimally .	0.674	be degrees thus of	easy movement	freedom
These orientations allow easy movement , i.e. degrees of freedom , and thus lowers entropy minimally .	0.268	be easy movement i	degrees of freedom , and thus lowers	.e
The Anti-Monitor was able to counter the vicious attack , permanently scarring the face of Scar .	0.736	was	The Anti-Monitor	able
The Anti-Monitor was able to counter the vicious attack , permanently scarring the face of Scar .	0.704	to counter	The Anti-Monitor	the vicious attack
Although the area was known for its healthy waters at least since the late Middle Ages , the spa was officially founded in 1769 .	0.914	was officially founded in	the spa	1769
Although the area was known for its healthy waters at least since the late Middle Ages , the spa was officially founded in 1769 .	0.862	was officially founded in	the late Middle Ages	1769
Although the area was known for its healthy waters at least since the late Middle Ages , the spa was officially founded in 1769 .	0.848	was known for	the area	its healthy waters
He has been considered several times for appointments to federal district and appellate court vacancies in Pennsylvania .	0.864	has been considered for	He	appointments
He has been considered several times for appointments to federal district and appellate court vacancies in Pennsylvania .	0.733	has been considered in	He	several times
Kroll 's EMEA headquarters are in London , and the company has a presence in Spain , with offices in Madrid and Barcelona .	0.833	has a presence in Spain with	the company	offices
Kroll 's EMEA headquarters are in London , and the company has a presence in Spain , with offices in Madrid and Barcelona .	0.833	has a presence in Spain with	Kroll 's EMEA headquarters	offices
Kroll 's EMEA headquarters are in London , and the company has a presence in Spain , with offices in Madrid and Barcelona .	0.769	are in	Kroll 's EMEA headquarters	London
Kroll 's EMEA headquarters are in London , and the company has a presence in Spain , with offices in Madrid and Barcelona .	0.757	has	the company	a presence
Kroll 's EMEA headquarters are in London , and the company has a presence in Spain , with offices in Madrid and Barcelona .	0.757	has	Kroll 's EMEA headquarters	a presence
Kroll 's EMEA headquarters are in London , and the company has a presence in Spain , with offices in Madrid and Barcelona .	0.605	are in	the company	London
Although no specific agreements are expected , Mr. Shevardnadze said `` that does n't mean they will be without an agenda . ''	0.847	will be without	they	an agenda
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .	0.875	finished up 41.60 at	The Dow Jones industrials	2645.08
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .	0.657	Recently upgraded its plants in	it	resistant products
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .	0.479	Recently upgraded	it	its plants
Since the real estate unit also includes debt , the imputed value of the real estate itself is close to $ 3 billion .	0.622	also includes	the real estate unit	debt
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .	0.921	were indicated in	Other strong sectors	gains of the Transportation Index
And Dewar 's gave discounts on Scottish merchandise to people who sent in bottle labels .	0.937	gave discounts on Scottish merchandise to	Dewar	people who sent in bottle labels
And Dewar 's gave discounts on Scottish merchandise to people who sent in bottle labels .	0.85	be gave to	discounts	people who sent in bottle labels
And Dewar 's gave discounts on Scottish merchandise to people who sent in bottle labels .	0.842	gave	Dewar	discounts
Ford Motor Co. said it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990 - model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars .	0.869	was improperly applied to	the windshield adhesive	some cars
Ford Motor Co. said it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990 - model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars .	0.583	is recalling	it	about 3,600 of its 1990 - model Escorts
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''	0.691	was done in	day	that day
He sold them well below market value to raise cash `` to pay off mounting credit - card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR .	0.865	sold them below	He	market value
He sold them well below market value to raise cash `` to pay off mounting credit - card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR .	0.802	told	his attorney	IFAR
He sold them well below market value to raise cash `` to pay off mounting credit - card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR .	0.763	be sold below	them	market value
He sold them well below market value to raise cash `` to pay off mounting credit - card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR .	0.637	to be buy for	presents	his girlfriend
He sold them well below market value to raise cash `` to pay off mounting credit - card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR .	0.62	sold	He	them
He sold them well below market value to raise cash `` to pay off mounting credit - card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR .	0.591	sold them to raise	He	cash
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .	0.669	be A few months later instituted under	a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans	pressure
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .	0.565	A few months later instituted	LTV	a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .	0.477	A few months later instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans under	LTV	pressure
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .	0.87	was at	month yield	7.90 %
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . ''	0.726	leaves a healthy Revco at	a plan that satisfies creditors	the end
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . ''	0.723	just want	We	a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . ''	0.584	be leaves by	a healthy Revco	a plan that satisfies creditors
Numerical analysis continues this long tradition of practical mathematical calculations .	0.833	continues	Numerical analysis	this long tradition of practical mathematical calculations
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .	0.83	reported	Coast Savings Financial Inc.	a third - quarter loss
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .	0.662	reported a third - quarter loss citing	Coast Savings Financial Inc.	a previously announced capital restructuring program
And at least fifteen inmates on the Nusakambangan prison island near Pangandaran were also missing .	0.722	be island near	Nusakambangan prison	Pangandaran
The problem is that Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas .	0.707	weigh so heavily on	the coming months	Mr. Salinas
The problem is that Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas .	0.694	make decisions with	Japanese businesses	a view
The problem is that Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas .	0.693	make	Japanese businesses	decisions
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .	0.74	contains	This font	many largely recognized shapes and gestures
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .	0.578	be the symbols of	the Star of David	the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .	0.36	be the Star of	the symbols of the zodiac	David
For a long time , he ignored baseball altogether , even the sports pages .	0.721	ignored baseball altogether	he	the sports pages
For a long time , he ignored baseball altogether , even the sports pages .	0.601	ignored baseball altogether for	he	a long time
For a long time , he ignored baseball altogether , even the sports pages .	0.565	be ignored baseball altogether for	the sports pages	a long time
For a long time , he ignored baseball altogether , even the sports pages .	0.524	ignored altogether even the sports pages	he	baseball
For a long time , he ignored baseball altogether , even the sports pages .	0.51	ignored altogether even the sports pages for	he	a long time
For a long time , he ignored baseball altogether , even the sports pages .	0.473	be ignored altogether even the sports pages for	baseball	a long time
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .	0.773	could involve	the documents	foreign business dealings or bank accounts
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .	0.591	could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts for	the documents	instance
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .	0.473	could be involve for	foreign business dealings or bank accounts	instance
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .	0.905	seems to suppress ovulation for	The drug	three to seven months
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .	0.885	to suppress ovulation for	The drug	three to seven months
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .	0.807	seems to suppress	The drug	ovulation
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .	0.797	to be suppress for	ovulation	three to seven months
It started with the main event of the first night of All Star Weekend 6 on January 5 with a Six-Person No Disqualification Tag Team Match that Tornado 's team won when Kingston pinned Hero with the Back Drop Driver .	0.903	pinned Hero with	Kingston	the Back Drop Driver
It started with the main event of the first night of All Star Weekend 6 on January 5 with a Six-Person No Disqualification Tag Team Match that Tornado 's team won when Kingston pinned Hero with the Back Drop Driver .	0.9	started with	It	the main event of the first night of All Star Weekend 6
It started with the main event of the first night of All Star Weekend 6 on January 5 with a Six-Person No Disqualification Tag Team Match that Tornado 's team won when Kingston pinned Hero with the Back Drop Driver .	0.83	pinned	Kingston	Hero
It started with the main event of the first night of All Star Weekend 6 on January 5 with a Six-Person No Disqualification Tag Team Match that Tornado 's team won when Kingston pinned Hero with the Back Drop Driver .	0.795	be pinned with	Hero	the Back Drop Driver
She died in October 1915 of a heart attack .	0.886	died in	She	October 1915 of a heart attack
She died in October 1915 of a heart attack .	0.634	died	She	October 1915 of a heart attack
The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and `` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in 1873 .	0.922	merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in	Charleston Daily News	1873
The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and `` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in 1873 .	0.864	merged to form Courier in	Charleston Daily News	1873
The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and `` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in 1873 .	0.843	merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in	The `` Charleston Courier	1873
The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and `` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in 1873 .	0.823	founded in	The `` Charleston Courier	1803
The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and `` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in 1873 .	0.821	merged to form	Charleston Daily News	the `` News and Courier
The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and `` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in 1873 .	0.809	be founded in	Charleston Daily News	1865
The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and `` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in 1873 .	0.743	to be form in	the `` News and Courier	1873
The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and `` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in 1873 .	0.743	merged to form Courier in	The `` Charleston Courier	1873
The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and `` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in 1873 .	0.715	founded in	Charleston Daily News	1803
The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and `` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in 1873 .	0.677	merged to form	The `` Charleston Courier	the `` News and Courier
Pitt spoke out against the Convention of El Pardo which aimed to settle the dispute peacefully .	0.83	spoke out against	Pitt	the Convention of El Pardo
The IRS has been seeking more than $ 300 million in back taxes from Mr. Hunt .	0.547	has been seeking more than $ 300 million in back taxes from	The IRS	Mr. Hunt
Nowadays nothing much can be seen of the castle .	0.858	much can be seen of	nothing	the castle
More big Japanese investors are buying U.S. mortgage - backed securities , reversing a recent trend .	0.631	are buying	big Japanese investors	U.S. mortgage
More big Japanese investors are buying U.S. mortgage - backed securities , reversing a recent trend .	0.552	are buying U.S. mortgage reversing	big Japanese investors	a recent trend
Darwin was accepted as a `` pensioner '' , having paid his fees , on 15 October 1827 , but did not attend Cambridge until the Lent Term which began on 13 January 1828 .	0.926	was accepted as	Darwin	a `` pensioner
Darwin was accepted as a `` pensioner '' , having paid his fees , on 15 October 1827 , but did not attend Cambridge until the Lent Term which began on 13 January 1828 .	0.795	did not attend until	Cambridge	the Lent Term
Darwin was accepted as a `` pensioner '' , having paid his fees , on 15 October 1827 , but did not attend Cambridge until the Lent Term which began on 13 January 1828 .	0.772	began on	the Lent Term	13 January 1828
This is conducted through work projects during induction weekends , fellowship campouts , and special events such as the Arrow of Light weekend and the Webelos Woods program .	0.719	is conducted through	fellowship campouts	work projects
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .	0.668	will include will	The collaboration	at least 25 researchers
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .	0.402	be developing for	thin films of high - temperature superconductors	use
The airfield hosted an internationally recognised Air Show for several years .	0.9	hosted an internationally recognised Air Show for	The airfield	several years
The airfield hosted an internationally recognised Air Show for several years .	0.828	hosted	The airfield	an internationally recognised Air Show
The airfield hosted an internationally recognised Air Show for several years .	0.768	be hosted for	an internationally recognised Air Show	several years
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .	0.56	be an analyst at	Sandy Gant	the market
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .	0.539	's	it	a tremendously high - performing product
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .	0.52	's a tremendously high - performing product in	it	the price range
All of the lessons learned from making `` The Old Mill '' would subsequently be incorporated into Disney 's feature-length animated films , especially 1937 's `` Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs '' .	0.888	would subsequently be incorporated into	The Old Mill	Disney 's feature-length
Like most incarnations , Felicia has a relationship with Spider-Man Noir .	0.774	has	Felicia	a relationship
Like most incarnations , Felicia has a relationship with Spider-Man Noir .	0.636	has a relationship with Spider-Man Noir like	Felicia	most incarnations
A dam on the creek has created a lake covering for fishing , boating , and swimming .	0.81	has created	A dam	a lake covering for fishing , boating
A dam on the creek has created a lake covering for fishing , boating , and swimming .	0.681	covering for	a lake	fishing
Mr. Rifenburgh told industry analysts he is moving `` aggressively '' to negotiate out - of - court settlements on a number of shareholder lawsuits , but noted that the company could file for bankruptcy - law protection if settlement talks fail .	0.712	could file	the company	law protection
Mr. Rifenburgh told industry analysts he is moving `` aggressively '' to negotiate out - of - court settlements on a number of shareholder lawsuits , but noted that the company could file for bankruptcy - law protection if settlement talks fail .	0.695	told	Mr. Rifenburgh	industry analysts
Mr. Rifenburgh told industry analysts he is moving `` aggressively '' to negotiate out - of - court settlements on a number of shareholder lawsuits , but noted that the company could file for bankruptcy - law protection if settlement talks fail .	0.572	could file law protection for	the company	bankruptcy
Mr. Rifenburgh told industry analysts he is moving `` aggressively '' to negotiate out - of - court settlements on a number of shareholder lawsuits , but noted that the company could file for bankruptcy - law protection if settlement talks fail .	0.494	is moving aggressively to negotiate out of	he	court settlements
Mr. Rifenburgh told industry analysts he is moving `` aggressively '' to negotiate out - of - court settlements on a number of shareholder lawsuits , but noted that the company could file for bankruptcy - law protection if settlement talks fail .	0.485	could be file for	law protection	bankruptcy
Northern Duo tickets are also unavailable from these machines and can be purchased only from an open ticket office or on the train .	0.799	can be purchased from	Northern Duo tickets	an open ticket office or on
Northern Duo tickets are also unavailable from these machines and can be purchased only from an open ticket office or on the train .	0.678	are also unavailable can from	Northern Duo tickets	these machines
Made of space - age materials , the wheel spokes are designed like airplane wings to shave 10 minutes off the time of a rider in a 100 - mile race , the company claims .	0.94	are designed like	the wheel spokes	airplane wings
Made of space - age materials , the wheel spokes are designed like airplane wings to shave 10 minutes off the time of a rider in a 100 - mile race , the company claims .	0.902	to shave 10 minutes off	the wheel spokes	the time of a rider
Made of space - age materials , the wheel spokes are designed like airplane wings to shave 10 minutes off the time of a rider in a 100 - mile race , the company claims .	0.833	to be shave off	10 minutes	the time of a rider
Made of space - age materials , the wheel spokes are designed like airplane wings to shave 10 minutes off the time of a rider in a 100 - mile race , the company claims .	0.621	are designed in	the wheel spokes	age materials
Made of space - age materials , the wheel spokes are designed like airplane wings to shave 10 minutes off the time of a rider in a 100 - mile race , the company claims .	0.606	be Made of	the company claims	space
The treatment protocol for TMS includes education , writing about emotional issues and resumption of a normal lifestyle .	0.783	includes	The treatment protocol	education
The treatment protocol for TMS includes education , writing about emotional issues and resumption of a normal lifestyle .	0.767	includes education writing about	The treatment protocol	emotional issues and resumption of a normal lifestyle
Then , built by the LNWR , the branch line to Ashbourne was opened in 1899 .	0.931	was opened in	the branch line	1899
The Flying Saucers did not survive the transition to New Tomorrowland .	0.798	did not survive	The Flying Saucers	the transition
Nevertheless , some consider that the earldoms named after counties retain more prestige .	0.645	retain	counties	more prestige
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .	0.788	may also be	The office	able
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .	0.788	to advise	The office	foreign and multinational clients
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .	0.708	to be advise on	foreign and multinational clients	international law and general matters
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .	0.8	was not an unpleasant evening certainly thanks to	It	the high level of performance
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .	0.786	be chooses by	his selections	not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .	0.741	chooses	Mr. Stoltzman	his selections
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .	0.571	was certainly	It	not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .	0.476	be the compositional talents of	It	Mr. Douglas
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''	0.907	would be simply a case of	the second situation hypothesized above	chickens coming home to roost
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''	0.7	would be simply	the second situation hypothesized above	a case of `` chickens
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''	0.342	has done more than its share to popularize	TV	violent civil disobedience
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .	0.674	Still clearly have revived	a lot of investors	their interest
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .	0.912	first gained a foothold in Somalia with	The European powers	the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .	0.908	first gained a foothold in Somalia through	The European powers	the signing of various pacts
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .	0.837	first gained	The European powers	a foothold
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .	0.795	be first gained through	a foothold	the signing of various pacts
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .	0.724	be first gained with	a foothold	the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire
The name `` SD-6 '' derives from the French , `` Section Disparu '' , which , in character Sydney Bristow 's words , means `` The Section that does n't exist . ''	0.842	derives	The name `` SD-6	Section Disparu which , in character Sydney Bristow 's words , means `` The Section
The name `` SD-6 '' derives from the French , `` Section Disparu '' , which , in character Sydney Bristow 's words , means `` The Section that does n't exist . ''	0.771	means `` The Section that does n't exist in	Section Disparu	character Sydney Bristow 's words
The name `` SD-6 '' derives from the French , `` Section Disparu '' , which , in character Sydney Bristow 's words , means `` The Section that does n't exist . ''	0.536	derives Section Disparu '' , which , in character Sydney Bristow 's words , means `` The Section that does n't exist from	The name `` SD-6	the French
The name `` SD-6 '' derives from the French , `` Section Disparu '' , which , in character Sydney Bristow 's words , means `` The Section that does n't exist . ''	0.436	be means by	The Section that does n't exist	Section Disparu
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .	0.569	could depress	it	bond prices
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .	0.138	confirms	the national survey	a pickup
During the morning and evening rush hours some services run direct to/from Paddington and Reading .	0.477	run direct Paddington Reading during	some services	the morning and evening rush hours
The provost chairs the Library Board and the Office of the Provost is responsible for overseeing the Harvard Library .	0.722	is	the Library Board and the Office of the Provost	responsible
President Park refused to negotiate seriously with either General Bonesteel or Ambassador William J. Porter .	0.906	refused to negotiate seriously with	President Park	General Bonesteel or Ambassador William J. Porter
President Park refused to negotiate seriously with either General Bonesteel or Ambassador William J. Porter .	0.839	to negotiate seriously with	President Park	General Bonesteel or Ambassador William J. Porter
In addition , as John Cecil Masterman , chairman of the Twenty Committee , commented , `` If , for example , St Paul 's Cathedral were hit , it was useless and harmful to report that the bomb had descended upon a cinema in Islington , since the truth would inevitably get through to Germany ... ''	0.88	had descended upon	the bomb	a cinema
In addition , as John Cecil Masterman , chairman of the Twenty Committee , commented , `` If , for example , St Paul 's Cathedral were hit , it was useless and harmful to report that the bomb had descended upon a cinema in Islington , since the truth would inevitably get through to Germany ... ''	0.622	was	it	useless and harmful
In addition , as John Cecil Masterman , chairman of the Twenty Committee , commented , `` If , for example , St Paul 's Cathedral were hit , it was useless and harmful to report that the bomb had descended upon a cinema in Islington , since the truth would inevitably get through to Germany ... ''	0.479	be chairman of	John Cecil Masterman	the Twenty Committee
In addition , as John Cecil Masterman , chairman of the Twenty Committee , commented , `` If , for example , St Paul 's Cathedral were hit , it was useless and harmful to report that the bomb had descended upon a cinema in Islington , since the truth would inevitably get through to Germany ... ''	0.431	were hit for	St Paul 's Cathedral	example
In addition , as John Cecil Masterman , chairman of the Twenty Committee , commented , `` If , for example , St Paul 's Cathedral were hit , it was useless and harmful to report that the bomb had descended upon a cinema in Islington , since the truth would inevitably get through to Germany ... ''	0.284	was useless in	it	addition
This technology is implemented in the lens itself , or by moving the sensor as the final element in the optical path .	0.9	is implemented in	This technology	the lens
This technology is implemented in the lens itself , or by moving the sensor as the final element in the optical path .	0.707	be moving as	the sensor	the final element
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .	0.9	added 2.19 to	The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks	447.76
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .	0.837	added	The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks	2.19
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .	0.779	be added to	2.19	447.76
By the end of this experiment several results were found .	0.81	were found by	several results	the end of this experiment
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	0.807	drew to	the London trading session	a close
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	0.761	was still listening to	the market	the parliamentary debate
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	0.755	expected to clarify	John Major	his approach
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	0.612	to clarify	new Chancellor of the Exchequer	his approach
In 1964 Barrie appeared in two episodes of `` Alfred Hitchcock Presents '' .	0.911	appeared in	Barrie	two episodes of `` Alfred Hitchcock Presents
In 1964 Barrie appeared in two episodes of `` Alfred Hitchcock Presents '' .	0.775	appeared in	Barrie	1964
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .	0.817	be sold by	grade unsecured notes	major corporations
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .	0.817	be sold through	grade unsecured notes	dealers
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .	0.809	be sold in	grade unsecured notes	multiples of $ 1,000
Air Canada has made a change in uniform by changing the dark green for a midnight blue colour .	0.81	has made	Air Canada	a change
De Valera remained in hiding for several months after the ceasefire was declared ; however , he emerged in August to stand for election in County Clare .	0.767	however emerged to stand for	he	election
De Valera remained in hiding for several months after the ceasefire was declared ; however , he emerged in August to stand for election in County Clare .	0.751	however emerged in	he	August
Muslim influence played a part in the initiation of iconoclasm and their conquests caused the iconoclasm in the Byzantine Empire .	0.908	played a part in	Muslim influence	the initiation of iconoclasm
Muslim influence played a part in the initiation of iconoclasm and their conquests caused the iconoclasm in the Byzantine Empire .	0.837	played	Muslim influence	a part
Muslim influence played a part in the initiation of iconoclasm and their conquests caused the iconoclasm in the Byzantine Empire .	0.795	be played in	a part	the initiation of iconoclasm
When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser resolved to depose him .	0.855	began showing signs of independence from	Naguib	Nasser
When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser resolved to depose him .	0.815	began showing	Naguib	signs of independence
When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser resolved to depose him .	0.746	resolved to depose	the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser	him
When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser resolved to depose him .	0.696	be distancing from	himself	the RCC 's land reform
When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser resolved to depose him .	0.682	to depose	the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser	him
When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser resolved to depose him .	0.675	be showing from	signs of independence	Nasser
Wakeboarding is practiced by both men and women at the competitive level , but they compete in separate categories .	0.89	compete in	they	separate categories
He died in Washington , D.C. , November 26 , 1899 , and was interred in Rock Creek Cemetery .	0.802	died in	He	Washington
He died in Washington , D.C. , November 26 , 1899 , and was interred in Rock Creek Cemetery .	0.586	was interred in	He	Rock Creek Cemetery
He died in Washington , D.C. , November 26 , 1899 , and was interred in Rock Creek Cemetery .	0.474	died	He	Washington
He is equally dexterous with all four limbs ; able to perform tasks with his feet or hands with equal ease .	0.709	is equally dexterous with	He	all four limbs
He is equally dexterous with all four limbs ; able to perform tasks with his feet or hands with equal ease .	0.698	is equally	He	dexterous
He is equally dexterous with all four limbs ; able to perform tasks with his feet or hands with equal ease .	0.476	to be perform with	tasks	his feet or hands
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''	0.762	would consider	Nekoosa 's board	the offer
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''	0.495	be chairman of	William R. Laidig	Nekoosa
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .	0.77	was	The stock	one of many that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .	0.757	rose following	one of many	Georgia
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .	0.894	drew sharp criticism from	News of the bid	other computer companies and industry observers
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .	0.792	drew	News of the bid	sharp criticism
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .	0.779	be drew from	sharp criticism	other computer companies and industry observers
In contrast to the day costume , the evening costume exudes much more sex appeal .	0.761	exudes	the evening costume	more sex appeal
In contrast to the day costume , the evening costume exudes much more sex appeal .	0.7	exudes much more sex appeal in	the evening costume	contrast
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .	0.783	Meanwhile reported third	Ogden Corp.	third
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .	0.585	be also has by	interests	Ogden Corp.
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .	0.684	are appealing to	Investors	the Securities and Exchange Commission
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .	0.465	are appealing not to limit	Investors	their access
It features Miller reading news articles , usually of a humorous nature , discussing beavers .	0.742	reading news articles of	Miller	a humorous nature
It features Miller reading news articles , usually of a humorous nature , discussing beavers .	0.718	be reading of	news articles	a humorous nature
It features Miller reading news articles , usually of a humorous nature , discussing beavers .	0.667	reading	Miller	news articles
It features Miller reading news articles , usually of a humorous nature , discussing beavers .	0.576	reading news articles discussing	Miller	beavers
On May 13 , 2010 , Yost was named manager of the Kansas City Royals , replacing Trey Hillman .	0.822	was named	Yost	manager of the Kansas City Royals
On May 13 , 2010 , Yost was named manager of the Kansas City Royals , replacing Trey Hillman .	0.81	was named on	Yost	May 13 , 2010
On May 13 , 2010 , Yost was named manager of the Kansas City Royals , replacing Trey Hillman .	0.649	be manager of	Yost	the Kansas City Royals
Both monsters were swallowed up into the Earth 's crust .	0.919	were swallowed up into	Both monsters	the Earth 's crust
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .	0.864	was among	Mr. Weekes	the ousted directors
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .	0.807	was named in	Mr. Hollander	last week
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .	0.779	was named	Mr. Hollander	chairman
This reaction can produce the S enantiomer with > 90 % selectivity .	0.834	can produce the S enantiomer with	This reaction	> 90 % selectivity
This reaction can produce the S enantiomer with > 90 % selectivity .	0.808	can produce	This reaction	the S enantiomer
This reaction can produce the S enantiomer with > 90 % selectivity .	0.695	can be produce with	the S enantiomer	> 90 % selectivity
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .	0.757	sells	a gift shop	such items
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .	0.705	be styled like	alarm clocks	the Pao 's oversized speedometer
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .	0.625	sells	The chairs	such items
Wild radish seeds contain up to 48 % oil content , and while not suitable for human consumption , this oil is a potential source of biofuel .	0.926	is a potential source of	this oil	biofuel
Wild radish seeds contain up to 48 % oil content , and while not suitable for human consumption , this oil is a potential source of biofuel .	0.87	is a potential source of	Wild radish seeds	biofuel
Wild radish seeds contain up to 48 % oil content , and while not suitable for human consumption , this oil is a potential source of biofuel .	0.768	is	this oil	a potential source of biofuel
Wild radish seeds contain up to 48 % oil content , and while not suitable for human consumption , this oil is a potential source of biofuel .	0.639	is	Wild radish seeds	a potential source of biofuel
On one occasion the lamps went out and the water became icy cold .	0.753	became	the lamps	icy cold
On one occasion the lamps went out and the water became icy cold .	0.753	became	the water	icy cold
On one occasion the lamps went out and the water became icy cold .	0.708	went out on	the lamps	one occasion
On one occasion the lamps went out and the water became icy cold .	0.708	went out on	the water	one occasion
Sanford emphasizes the variety available in their curriculum , allowing each student to discover their own strengths and weaknesses and to construct a rigorous course load to accommodate such .	0.854	emphasizes	Sanford	the variety available
Sanford emphasizes the variety available in their curriculum , allowing each student to discover their own strengths and weaknesses and to construct a rigorous course load to accommodate such .	0.729	to to construct	each student	a rigorous course load
Sanford emphasizes the variety available in their curriculum , allowing each student to discover their own strengths and weaknesses and to construct a rigorous course load to accommodate such .	0.656	to discover to	each student	their own strengths and weaknesses
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .	0.834	will be reset annually to give the issue	The rate	a market value of 101
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .	0.756	see	money managers and analysts	other problems
The stadium was confirmed to host the 63rd Miss Universe pageant .	0.761	to host	The stadium	the 63rd Miss Universe pageant
The Sunday schools which became an important feature of Welsh life made a large part of the population literate in Welsh , which was important for the survival of the language as it was not taught in the schools .	0.877	made	The Sunday schools	a large part of the population literate
The Sunday schools which became an important feature of Welsh life made a large part of the population literate in Welsh , which was important for the survival of the language as it was not taught in the schools .	0.841	made of	The Sunday schools	the population literate
The Sunday schools which became an important feature of Welsh life made a large part of the population literate in Welsh , which was important for the survival of the language as it was not taught in the schools .	0.816	became an important feature of	The Sunday schools	Welsh life
The Sunday schools which became an important feature of Welsh life made a large part of the population literate in Welsh , which was important for the survival of the language as it was not taught in the schools .	0.805	was not taught in	it	the schools
The Sunday schools which became an important feature of Welsh life made a large part of the population literate in Welsh , which was important for the survival of the language as it was not taught in the schools .	0.447	be part of	large	the population literate
The district was abolished in 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972 .	0.929	was abolished in	The district	1974
The district was abolished in 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972 .	0.898	was abolished under	The district	the Local Government Act 1972
Critics counter that Esperanto could simply take over from national languages and continue the destruction of linguistic diversity that is already taking place .	0.733	could simply take over from	Esperanto	national languages
Critics counter that Esperanto could simply take over from national languages and continue the destruction of linguistic diversity that is already taking place .	0.581	could continue	Esperanto	the destruction of linguistic diversity
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly `` maximize values . ''	0.872	was in	management	a favored phrase of Wall Street
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly `` maximize values . ''	0.87	was under	management	pressure
It was recorded at Armstrong Studios with Braund and Green producing , they used the same personnel as for Braund 's solo album .	0.882	was recorded at	It	Armstrong Studios
It was recorded at Armstrong Studios with Braund and Green producing , they used the same personnel as for Braund 's solo album .	0.871	used	they	the same personnel
Had the contest gone a full seven games , ABC could have reaped an extra $ 10 million in ad sales on the seventh game alone , compared with the ad take it would have received for regular prime - time shows .	0.862	would have received for	it	regular prime - time shows
Had the contest gone a full seven games , ABC could have reaped an extra $ 10 million in ad sales on the seventh game alone , compared with the ad take it would have received for regular prime - time shows .	0.649	Had gone	the contest	a full seven games
Had the contest gone a full seven games , ABC could have reaped an extra $ 10 million in ad sales on the seventh game alone , compared with the ad take it would have received for regular prime - time shows .	0.457	could have reaped an extra $ 10 million in ad sales on	ABC	the seventh game
Their numbers continued to increase each year as rumours about immigration restrictions appeared in much of the Cypriot media .	0.919	continued to increase as	Their numbers	rumours
Their numbers continued to increase each year as rumours about immigration restrictions appeared in much of the Cypriot media .	0.859	to increase as	Their numbers	rumours
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .	0.841	caught in	someone	the jam
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .	0.824	think	a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian	tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .	0.82	be named after	tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne	writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .	0.704	is	The Institut Constant de Rebecque	a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian
In addition , it may remove the Prime Minister from office .	0.757	may remove the Prime Minister from	it	office
In addition , it may remove the Prime Minister from office .	0.711	may remove	it	the Prime Minister
In addition , it may remove the Prime Minister from office .	0.695	may be remove from	the Prime Minister	office
In addition , it may remove the Prime Minister from office .	0.473	may remove the Prime Minister in	it	addition
In addition , it may remove the Prime Minister from office .	0.457	may be remove in	the Prime Minister	addition
If the introduced surface had an ionic or polar nature , there would be water molecules standing upright on 1 or 2 of the four sp3 orbitals .	0.701	standing upright on	water molecules	1 or 2
If the introduced surface had an ionic or polar nature , there would be water molecules standing upright on 1 or 2 of the four sp3 orbitals .	0.657	standing upright of	water molecules	the four sp3 orbitals
If the introduced surface had an ionic or polar nature , there would be water molecules standing upright on 1 or 2 of the four sp3 orbitals .	0.096	had	the introduced surface	an ionic or polar nature
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .	0.797	agreed in	Mr. Greenberg	response
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .	0.627	will simply pick up	European firms	the index
These tracks have subsequently been included on CD reissues of the album `` The Plan '' .	0.921	have subsequently been included on	These tracks	CD reissues of the album
Jan Leemans , research director , said this gene was successfully introduced in oil - producing rapeseed plants , a major crop in Europe and Canada , using as a carrier a `` promoter gene '' developed by Robert Goldberg at the University of California in Los Angeles .	0.914	was successfully introduced in	this gene	oil
Jan Leemans , research director , said this gene was successfully introduced in oil - producing rapeseed plants , a major crop in Europe and Canada , using as a carrier a `` promoter gene '' developed by Robert Goldberg at the University of California in Los Angeles .	0.881	be developed at	a `` promoter gene	the University of California
Jan Leemans , research director , said this gene was successfully introduced in oil - producing rapeseed plants , a major crop in Europe and Canada , using as a carrier a `` promoter gene '' developed by Robert Goldberg at the University of California in Los Angeles .	0.829	be developed by	a `` promoter gene	Robert Goldberg
Jan Leemans , research director , said this gene was successfully introduced in oil - producing rapeseed plants , a major crop in Europe and Canada , using as a carrier a `` promoter gene '' developed by Robert Goldberg at the University of California in Los Angeles .	0.729	using as	a major crop	a carrier
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .	0.92	used it for	Kobe Steel Ltd.	14 years
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .	0.85	adopted	Kobe Steel Ltd.	Soviet casting technology
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .	0.823	adopted Soviet casting technology in	Kobe Steel Ltd.	1966
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .	0.809	used	Kobe Steel Ltd.	it
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .	0.736	be adopted in	Soviet casting technology	1966
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .	0.718	be used for	it	14 years
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .	0.553	developed	it	its own system
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .	0.509	adopted Soviet casting technology	Kobe Steel Ltd.	1966
The semi-aluminum monocoque chassis was epoxy bonded and riveted with an aluminum honeycomb floor pan , and 5,000 aircraft specification rivets were used in the car 's assembly .	0.914	were used in	5,000 aircraft specification rivets	the car 's assembly
The semi-aluminum monocoque chassis was epoxy bonded and riveted with an aluminum honeycomb floor pan , and 5,000 aircraft specification rivets were used in the car 's assembly .	0.669	was	The semi-aluminum monocoque chassis	epoxy
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''	0.894	be brought into	aircraft	the talks
Sample Surveys Division oversees , planning design , operations , statistical analysis reporting , and dissemination of data from sample surveys at all levels of education , including early childhood and adult , and international data .	0.558	oversees planning	Sample Surveys Division	design
Sample Surveys Division oversees , planning design , operations , statistical analysis reporting , and dissemination of data from sample surveys at all levels of education , including early childhood and adult , and international data .	0.442	analysis reporting at	statistical	all levels of education
Sample Surveys Division oversees , planning design , operations , statistical analysis reporting , and dissemination of data from sample surveys at all levels of education , including early childhood and adult , and international data .	0.223	analysis reporting including	statistical	early childhood and adult
As a successful young businessman in Detroit , Chandler supported the Underground Railroad .	0.821	supported	Chandler	the Underground Railroad
As a successful young businessman in Detroit , Chandler supported the Underground Railroad .	0.797	supported the Underground Railroad as	Chandler	a successful young businessman
As a successful young businessman in Detroit , Chandler supported the Underground Railroad .	0.656	be supported as	the Underground Railroad	a successful young businessman
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .	0.644	Later on became even	my concerns	serious
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .	0.351	be my concerns about	serious	a whitewash
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .	0.808	will be focusing much of its attention for	Coke	years to come
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''	0.547	own	I	the stupid thing
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .	0.746	is	Labor	upset
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .	0.708	to deflect to be	surging medical costs	workers
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .	0.458	are using	many companies	higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co
In 1826 he became the King 's Third Serjeant-at-law and in 1830 was advanced to the Second Serjeant .	0.743	was advanced to	he	the Second Serjeant
In 1826 he became the King 's Third Serjeant-at-law and in 1830 was advanced to the Second Serjeant .	0.646	became the King 's Third Serjeant-at-law in	he	1826
In 1826 he became the King 's Third Serjeant-at-law and in 1830 was advanced to the Second Serjeant .	0.629	was advanced in	he	1830
In 1826 he became the King 's Third Serjeant-at-law and in 1830 was advanced to the Second Serjeant .	0.6	became	he	the King 's Third Serjeant-at-law
In 1826 he became the King 's Third Serjeant-at-law and in 1830 was advanced to the Second Serjeant .	0.598	became Third Serjeant-at-law of	he	the King
On 5 July 2001 he also retired from the post of regional council chairman .	0.88	also retired from	he	the post of regional council chairman
On 5 July 2001 he also retired from the post of regional council chairman .	0.597	also retired on	he	5
On 5 July 2001 he also retired from the post of regional council chairman .	0.447	also retired in	he	July 2001
It is named as a part of East Main Street .	0.907	is named as	It	a part of East Main Street
It is named as a part of East Main Street .	0.299	be a part of	It	East Main Street
While the campaign was Mr. Gibbons 's idea , however , he wo n't be paying for it : The donations will come out of the chain 's national advertising fund , which is financed by the franchisees .	0.908	will come out of	The donations	the chain 's national advertising fund which is financed by the franchisees
While the campaign was Mr. Gibbons 's idea , however , he wo n't be paying for it : The donations will come out of the chain 's national advertising fund , which is financed by the franchisees .	0.563	was idea of	the campaign	Mr. Gibbons
While the campaign was Mr. Gibbons 's idea , however , he wo n't be paying for it : The donations will come out of the chain 's national advertising fund , which is financed by the franchisees .	0.528	was	the campaign	Mr. Gibbons 's idea
While the campaign was Mr. Gibbons 's idea , however , he wo n't be paying for it : The donations will come out of the chain 's national advertising fund , which is financed by the franchisees .	0.352	however wo n't be paying for	he	it
Such commissioners are found in Corsica as early as 1553 , in Bourges in 1592 , in Troyes in 1594 , and in Limoges in 1596 .	0.859	are found as early as 1553 in	Such commissioners	Bourges
Such commissioners are found in Corsica as early as 1553 , in Bourges in 1592 , in Troyes in 1594 , and in Limoges in 1596 .	0.859	are found as early as 1553 in	Such commissioners	Troyes
Such commissioners are found in Corsica as early as 1553 , in Bourges in 1592 , in Troyes in 1594 , and in Limoges in 1596 .	0.828	are found as early as 1553 in	Such commissioners	1592
Such commissioners are found in Corsica as early as 1553 , in Bourges in 1592 , in Troyes in 1594 , and in Limoges in 1596 .	0.828	are found as early as 1553 in	Such commissioners	1594
Such commissioners are found in Corsica as early as 1553 , in Bourges in 1592 , in Troyes in 1594 , and in Limoges in 1596 .	0.806	are found as early as 1553 in	Such commissioners	Corsica
Critics say Mitsubishi Estate 's decision to buy into Rockefeller reflects the degree to which companies are irritated by the pressure to act for the good of Japan .	0.941	are irritated by	companies	the pressure to act for the good of Japan
Critics say Mitsubishi Estate 's decision to buy into Rockefeller reflects the degree to which companies are irritated by the pressure to act for the good of Japan .	0.856	reflects	Mitsubishi Estate 's decision	the degree to which companies are irritated by the pressure
Critics say Mitsubishi Estate 's decision to buy into Rockefeller reflects the degree to which companies are irritated by the pressure to act for the good of Japan .	0.655	are irritated in	companies	the degree
But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects .	0.771	be damaging for	plants ' female reproductive organs and concern	the toxicity of such chemical sprays
But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects .	0.683	damaging plants ' female reproductive organs for	chemical sprays	the toxicity of such chemical sprays
But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects .	0.598	damaging concern for	chemical sprays	the toxicity of such chemical sprays
But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects .	0.569	damaging	chemical sprays	plants ' female reproductive organs and concern
The Soviets complicated the issue by offering to include light tanks , which are as light as 10 tons .	0.828	complicated	The Soviets	the issue
For patients who do not recover quickly , the protocol also includes support groups and/or psychotherapy .	0.729	also includes	the protocol	support groups
For patients who do not recover quickly , the protocol also includes support groups and/or psychotherapy .	0.675	also includes support groups and/or psychotherapy for	the protocol	patients who do not recover quickly
However , senior administration officials almost always have the rank of Assistant .	0.761	However almost always have	senior administration officials	the rank of Assistant
He finds himself in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians surround him , ending the game .	0.843	finds himself in	He	a desert
He finds himself in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians surround him , ending the game .	0.665	finds	He	himself
He finds himself in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians surround him , ending the game .	0.648	surround	a group of Neo Arcadians	him
He finds himself in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians surround him , ending the game .	0.496	surround him ending	a group of Neo Arcadians	the game
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .	0.731	sow nearby	They	a row of male
The cockpit was protected from the engine by a firewall ahead of the wing center section where the fuel tanks were located .	0.929	was protected from	The cockpit	the engine
The cockpit was protected from the engine by a firewall ahead of the wing center section where the fuel tanks were located .	0.874	was protected by	The cockpit	a firewall
The cockpit was protected from the engine by a firewall ahead of the wing center section where the fuel tanks were located .	0.564	were located in	the fuel tanks	the wing center section
Davis released about 25 singles during his seven years with Dakar , most of them big R&B sellers produced by Willie Henderson .	0.898	released about 25 singles during	Davis	his seven years
Davis released about 25 singles during his seven years with Dakar , most of them big R&B sellers produced by Willie Henderson .	0.887	released	Davis	about 25 singles
Davis released about 25 singles during his seven years with Dakar , most of them big R&B sellers produced by Willie Henderson .	0.767	be produced by	big R&B sellers	Willie Henderson
Davis released about 25 singles during his seven years with Dakar , most of them big R&B sellers produced by Willie Henderson .	0.747	be released during	about 25 singles	his seven years
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .	0.784	has even triggered	The steady growth of the mortgage securities market	talk building up a similar market here
Ed drives the creature into the airlock , with the intention of venting it into space .	0.734	drives the creature with	Ed	the intention venting it into space
Ed drives the creature into the airlock , with the intention of venting it into space .	0.696	drives the creature into	Ed	the airlock
Ed drives the creature into the airlock , with the intention of venting it into space .	0.673	drives	Ed	the creature
Ed drives the creature into the airlock , with the intention of venting it into space .	0.563	be venting into	it	space
Combined PC and work - station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .	0.834	will jump as much as 25 % annually over	station use	the next five years
Combined PC and work - station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .	0.705	will jump annually	station use	as much as 25 %
Combined PC and work - station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .	0.696	will be jump annually over	as much as 25 %	the next five years
Later , Hank mutated further through the growth of grey fur covering his entire body and the enhancement of all of his existing abilities , especially his strength , and he also gained a nearly instantaneous healing factor .	0.761	Later mutated further through	Hank	the growth of grey fur covering his entire body and the enhancement of all of his existing abilities
Later , Hank mutated further through the growth of grey fur covering his entire body and the enhancement of all of his existing abilities , especially his strength , and he also gained a nearly instantaneous healing factor .	0.721	also gained	he	a nearly instantaneous healing factor
Unlike organized sports , like basketball or football , skateboarding has no set arena or rules and skateparks have no standard design template .	0.68	has	skateboarding	no set arena or rules and skateparks
Unlike organized sports , like basketball or football , skateboarding has no set arena or rules and skateparks have no standard design template .	0.613	has no set arena or rules like	skateboarding	basketball or football
Unlike organized sports , like basketball or football , skateboarding has no set arena or rules and skateparks have no standard design template .	0.599	has no set arena or rules unlike	skateboarding	organized sports
Unlike organized sports , like basketball or football , skateboarding has no set arena or rules and skateparks have no standard design template .	0.523	has skateparks like	skateboarding	basketball or football
Unlike organized sports , like basketball or football , skateboarding has no set arena or rules and skateparks have no standard design template .	0.508	has skateparks unlike	skateboarding	organized sports
As is true for all sensors , absolute accuracy of a measurement requires a functionality for calibration .	0.536	be absolute accuracy of	all sensors	a measurement
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	0.932	had children under	35.3 %	the age of 18 living
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	0.851	be had under	children	the age of 18 living
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	0.793	had	35.3 %	children
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	0.782	had	couples living together	a female householder
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	0.753	were	30.6 %	non-families
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	0.656	were	no husband	non-families
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .	0.773	would take	the improvement	place
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	0.876	walks through	Inge	the fields
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	0.807	uses some computer-generated graphics	The film	The northern lights
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	0.659	flying over	the geese	Olaf 's house
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	0.614	walks to take	Inge	a bath
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	0.308	uses The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house	The film	some computer-generated graphics
One study , by Henry E. Adams , Lester W. Wright , Jr. , and Bethany A. Lohr , published in the Journal of Abnormal Psychology , found heterosexual men have the highest genital and subjective arousal to pornography depicting heterosexual activity , rather than lesbian activity .	0.82	have	heterosexual men	the highest genital and subjective arousal
One study , by Henry E. Adams , Lester W. Wright , Jr. , and Bethany A. Lohr , published in the Journal of Abnormal Psychology , found heterosexual men have the highest genital and subjective arousal to pornography depicting heterosexual activity , rather than lesbian activity .	0.583	be published in	Henry E. Adams , Lester W. Wright , Jr. , and Bethany A. Lohr	the Journal of Abnormal Psychology
The Summer Programs Office runs these programs , and many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students attend camp or classes over the summer .	0.783	attend	many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students	camp or classes
The Summer Programs Office runs these programs , and many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students attend camp or classes over the summer .	0.783	attend	The Summer Programs Office	camp or classes
The Summer Programs Office runs these programs , and many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students attend camp or classes over the summer .	0.679	runs	The Summer Programs Office	these programs
The Summer Programs Office runs these programs , and many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students attend camp or classes over the summer .	0.509	runs	many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students	these programs
Langford kept Walcott at a distance with his longer reach and used his footwork to evade all of Walcott 's attacks .	0.92	kept Walcott at	Langford	a distance
Langford kept Walcott at a distance with his longer reach and used his footwork to evade all of Walcott 's attacks .	0.819	be kept at	Walcott	a distance
Langford kept Walcott at a distance with his longer reach and used his footwork to evade all of Walcott 's attacks .	0.804	kept	Langford	Walcott
From June 30 to July 4 , 2002 , the majority of 3PPCLI relocated to Zabul Province , Northwest of Kandahar , to establish for the first time a coalition presence in the region .	0.62	be relocated to	3PPCLI	Zabul Province
With companies such as Honda Motor Co. , Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. running so - called transplant auto operations , Japanese auto production in the U.S. will reach one million vehicles this year .	0.311	will be reach with	one million vehicles	companies
He notices that the prince 's pulse rate increases when he sees Stratonice , a young woman intended as his father 's bride , and further tests confirm his diagnosis .	0.69	confirm	further tests	his diagnosis
He notices that the prince 's pulse rate increases when he sees Stratonice , a young woman intended as his father 's bride , and further tests confirm his diagnosis .	0.625	be intended as	a young woman	his father 's bride
He notices that the prince 's pulse rate increases when he sees Stratonice , a young woman intended as his father 's bride , and further tests confirm his diagnosis .	0.604	sees	he	Stratonice
He notices that the prince 's pulse rate increases when he sees Stratonice , a young woman intended as his father 's bride , and further tests confirm his diagnosis .	0.426	confirm	he	his diagnosis
He notices that the prince 's pulse rate increases when he sees Stratonice , a young woman intended as his father 's bride , and further tests confirm his diagnosis .	0.362	sees	further tests	Stratonice
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .	0.862	had for	Boyer and Cohen	instance
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .	0.788	refused to grant	the Patent Office	it
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .	0.754	had for	both still university researchers	instance
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .	0.731	to grant	the Patent Office	it
His first term of office , which he shared with Ratu Sir Josaia Tavaiqia , was from 1990 to 2 June 1992 , when he stepped down in favour of Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara .	0.902	stepped down in	he	favour of Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara
His first term of office , which he shared with Ratu Sir Josaia Tavaiqia , was from 1990 to 2 June 1992 , when he stepped down in favour of Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara .	0.722	which shared with	he	Ratu Sir Josaia Tavaiqia
Members of the League demonstrated willingness to die at a word from Ra 's .	0.87	demonstrated	Members of the League	willingness to die at a word from Ra 's
The rules of evidence were developed over several centuries and are based upon the rules from Anglo-American common law brought to the New World by early settlers .	0.929	are based upon	The rules of evidence	the rules
The rules of evidence were developed over several centuries and are based upon the rules from Anglo-American common law brought to the New World by early settlers .	0.9	were developed over	The rules of evidence	several centuries
Others have suggested she might have been anorexic while others attribute her poor health to an addiction to laudanum or a combination of ailments .	0.775	attribute her poor health to	others	an addiction to laudanum or a combination of ailments
Others have suggested she might have been anorexic while others attribute her poor health to an addiction to laudanum or a combination of ailments .	0.548	attribute	others	her poor health
Good 1H NMR spectra can be acquired with 16 repeats , which takes only minutes .	0.929	can be acquired with	Good 1H NMR spectra	16 repeats which takes only minutes
Good 1H NMR spectra can be acquired with 16 repeats , which takes only minutes .	0.491	be takes by	minutes	16 repeats
This had considerable implications for the Welsh language as it was the main language of the nonconformist churches in Wales .	0.85	was the main language of	it	the nonconformist churches
This had considerable implications for the Welsh language as it was the main language of the nonconformist churches in Wales .	0.602	was	it	the main language of the nonconformist churches
This had considerable implications for the Welsh language as it was the main language of the nonconformist churches in Wales .	0.591	was language of	main	the nonconformist churches
This had considerable implications for the Welsh language as it was the main language of the nonconformist churches in Wales .	0.404	was the main language in	it	the nonconformist churches
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .	0.816	offers	the computer	up to 10 times the performance of similar machines
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .	0.438	offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines at	the computer	that price
The site consists of three subterranean Grotto follies , constructed in the 18th century , split between two areas , one on the western side of the lake , at and one on the eastern side at .	0.944	consists of	The site	three subterranean Grotto follies , constructed in the 18th century , split between two areas , one on the western side of the lake , at and one
The site consists of three subterranean Grotto follies , constructed in the 18th century , split between two areas , one on the western side of the lake , at and one on the eastern side at .	0.343	be split between	two areas	one
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.869	was spread out 8.1 % from	the population	18
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.869	was spread out 8.1 % from	the population	25
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.869	was spread out 8.1 % with	the population	29.9 %
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.863	was spread out 28.9 % under	the population	the age of 18
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.863	was spread out 8.1 % under	the population	the age of 18
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.841	were 65 years of	9.7 %	age or older
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.819	was spread out 8.1 % to	the population	24
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 23.5 % from	the population	18
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 23.5 % from	the population	25
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 23.5 % from	the population	45
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 23.5 % with	the population	29.9 %
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 28.9 % from	the population	18
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 28.9 % from	the population	25
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 28.9 % from	the population	45
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 28.9 % with	the population	29.9 %
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.77	was spread out 8.1 % from	the population	45
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.761	was spread out 23.5 % under	the population	the age of 18
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 23.5 % to	the population	24
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 23.5 % to	the population	44
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 23.5 % to	the population	64
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 28.9 % to	the population	24
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 28.9 % to	the population	44
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 28.9 % to	the population	64
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 8.1 % to	the population	44
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.695	was spread out 8.1 % to	the population	64
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.679	was spread out 8.1 % in	the population	the city
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.655	was spread out 28.9 %	the population	8.1 %
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.655	was spread out 8.1 %	the population	28.9 %
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.515	was spread out 23.5 % in	the population	the city
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.515	was spread out 28.9 % in	the population	the city
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.489	was spread out 23.5 %	the population	28.9 %
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.489	was spread out 23.5 %	the population	8.1 %
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.489	was spread out 28.9 %	the population	23.5 %
In the city the population was spread out with 29.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.1 % from 18 to 24 , 28.9 % from 25 to 44 , 23.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .	0.489	was spread out 8.1 %	the population	23.5 %
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .	0.77	announced among	the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts	other happy news bulletins
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .	0.566	has recovered	it	Cemetery
Accordingly , three proposed drafts were prepared for a revision of Speransky 's Fundamental Laws .	0.861	were prepared for	drafts	a revision of Speransky 's Fundamental Laws
In 1995 Li began teaching Falun Gong abroad , and in 1998 he settled as a permanent resident in the United States .	0.859	settled as	he	a permanent resident
In 1995 Li began teaching Falun Gong abroad , and in 1998 he settled as a permanent resident in the United States .	0.71	settled in	Li	1998
In 1995 Li began teaching Falun Gong abroad , and in 1998 he settled as a permanent resident in the United States .	0.709	settled as	Li	a permanent resident
In 1995 Li began teaching Falun Gong abroad , and in 1998 he settled as a permanent resident in the United States .	0.601	began in	he	1995
In 1995 Li began teaching Falun Gong abroad , and in 1998 he settled as a permanent resident in the United States .	0.601	settled in	he	1998
In 1995 Li began teaching Falun Gong abroad , and in 1998 he settled as a permanent resident in the United States .	0.544	began in	Li	1995
In 1995 Li began teaching Falun Gong abroad , and in 1998 he settled as a permanent resident in the United States .	0.412	settled	Li	1998
In 1995 Li began teaching Falun Gong abroad , and in 1998 he settled as a permanent resident in the United States .	0.321	began teaching abroad	Li	Falun Gong
In 1995 Li began teaching Falun Gong abroad , and in 1998 he settled as a permanent resident in the United States .	0.302	settled	he	1998
In 1995 Li began teaching Falun Gong abroad , and in 1998 he settled as a permanent resident in the United States .	0.226	began teaching abroad	he	Falun Gong
Its cover art was created by artist/printmaker Tom Huck .	0.94	was created by	Its cover art	artist/printmaker Tom Huck
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .	0.701	said	products and newsprint company	net
Each base also had an assigned Naval Air Reserve Training Unit , which until a reorganization of the Naval Air Reserve in 1970 , actually `` owned '' all assigned aircraft .	0.778	also had	Each base	an assigned Naval Air Reserve Training Unit
Because Yesler Way marks the boundary between two different plats , the street grid north of Yesler does not line up with the neighborhood 's other streets , so the northern `` border '' of the district zigzags along numerous streets .	0.804	does not line up so	the street grid north of Yesler	the northern `` border '' of the district zigzags
Because Yesler Way marks the boundary between two different plats , the street grid north of Yesler does not line up with the neighborhood 's other streets , so the northern `` border '' of the district zigzags along numerous streets .	0.789	does not line up with	the street grid north of Yesler	the neighborhood 's other streets
Because Yesler Way marks the boundary between two different plats , the street grid north of Yesler does not line up with the neighborhood 's other streets , so the northern `` border '' of the district zigzags along numerous streets .	0.647	marks	Yesler Way	the boundary
with a .535 slugging percentage , and the Astros , where he batted .260 in 64 games , primarily at second base .	0.806	batted .260 in	he	64 games
with a .535 slugging percentage , and the Astros , where he batted .260 in 64 games , primarily at second base .	0.75	batted	he	.260
with a .535 slugging percentage , and the Astros , where he batted .260 in 64 games , primarily at second base .	0.736	be batted in	.260	64 games
Reviewers raised the question of how important the definition , or lack thereof , was to understanding the anthology as a whole and the stories individually .	0.86	raised	Reviewers	the question of how important the definition
Reviewers raised the question of how important the definition , or lack thereof , was to understanding the anthology as a whole and the stories individually .	0.82	raised of	Reviewers	the definition , or lack
Reviewers raised the question of how important the definition , or lack thereof , was to understanding the anthology as a whole and the stories individually .	0.675	be understanding as	the anthology	a whole and the stories
It appears as the fifth track on their highly successful 1986 album `` Invisible Touch '' , opening the second side of the vinyl and cassette editions .	0.843	appears as	It	the fifth track
It appears as the fifth track on their highly successful 1986 album `` Invisible Touch '' , opening the second side of the vinyl and cassette editions .	0.333	appears opening	It	the second side of the vinyl
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .	0.797	wants to keep	The Big Board	such index funds
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .	0.296	handles intelligently	it	it
The lead single that holds the same name , is a soft melodic song that differs from Tiger JK 's past releases .	0.941	is a soft melodic song that	The lead single	differs
The lead single that holds the same name , is a soft melodic song that differs from Tiger JK 's past releases .	0.788	is	The lead single	a soft melodic song
The lead single that holds the same name , is a soft melodic song that differs from Tiger JK 's past releases .	0.706	be holds by	the same name	single
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls .	0.693	has examined	the bank	its methodologies and internal controls
JAL introduced jet service on the Fukuoka-Tokyo route in 1961 .	0.815	introduced jet service on the Fukuoka-Tokyo route in	JAL	1961
JAL introduced jet service on the Fukuoka-Tokyo route in 1961 .	0.779	be introduced in	jet service	1961
JAL introduced jet service on the Fukuoka-Tokyo route in 1961 .	0.716	introduced	JAL	jet service
JAL introduced jet service on the Fukuoka-Tokyo route in 1961 .	0.496	introduced jet service on the Fukuoka-Tokyo route	JAL	1961
He had developed a hatred for the hacker and a grudging appreciation of the federal `` spooks '' who make national security their business .	0.696	had developed	He	a hatred for the hacker and a grudging appreciation of the federal `` spooks
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .	0.807	strengthens	The move	the existing links
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .	0.549	be the head of	the Agnellis and the Aga Khan	the world 's Ismaili Moslems
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .	0.484	frequently goes sailing with	the Agnellis and the Aga Khan	Mr. Agnelli
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .	0.379	be frequently goes by	sailing	the Agnellis and the Aga Khan
When Richard retired in 1960 , he paid tribute to Howe , saying `` Gordie could do everything . ''	0.875	retired in	Richard	1960
When Richard retired in 1960 , he paid tribute to Howe , saying `` Gordie could do everything . ''	0.79	could do	Gordie	everything
When Richard retired in 1960 , he paid tribute to Howe , saying `` Gordie could do everything . ''	0.783	paid tribute to	he	Howe
When Richard retired in 1960 , he paid tribute to Howe , saying `` Gordie could do everything . ''	0.74	paid	he	tribute
When Richard retired in 1960 , he paid tribute to Howe , saying `` Gordie could do everything . ''	0.695	be paid to	tribute	Howe
Following this , the draft was further discussed and amended under the Tsar 's chairmanship ; Nicholas chose to officially publish this new constitution on April 23 , 1906 .	0.922	chose to officially publish this new constitution on	Nicholas	April 23 , 1906
Following this , the draft was further discussed and amended under the Tsar 's chairmanship ; Nicholas chose to officially publish this new constitution on April 23 , 1906 .	0.892	be amended under	the draft	the Tsar 's chairmanship
Following this , the draft was further discussed and amended under the Tsar 's chairmanship ; Nicholas chose to officially publish this new constitution on April 23 , 1906 .	0.871	chose to officially publish	Nicholas	this new constitution
Following this , the draft was further discussed and amended under the Tsar 's chairmanship ; Nicholas chose to officially publish this new constitution on April 23 , 1906 .	0.863	to officially publish this new constitution on	Nicholas	April 23 , 1906
Following this , the draft was further discussed and amended under the Tsar 's chairmanship ; Nicholas chose to officially publish this new constitution on April 23 , 1906 .	0.831	to officially publish	Nicholas	this new constitution
Following this , the draft was further discussed and amended under the Tsar 's chairmanship ; Nicholas chose to officially publish this new constitution on April 23 , 1906 .	0.743	to be officially publish on	this new constitution	April 23 , 1906
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .	0.758	will leave EG&G with	The sale	a 12 % stake
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .	0.641	will leave	The sale	EG&G
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .	0.582	will be leave with	EG&G	a 12 % stake
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .	0.537	said of	executives	The sale
On the other hand , 4th year Math courses such as Math 4-A and Math 4-B will be offered starting school year 2001-2002 .	0.754	will be offered on	4th year Math courses	the other hand
On the other hand , 4th year Math courses such as Math 4-A and Math 4-B will be offered starting school year 2001-2002 .	0.361	will be offered in	4th year Math courses	the other hand
Frowin founded the Benedictine monastery of New Engleberg at Conception , which was erected into an abbey in 1881 .	0.887	founded	Frowin	the Benedictine monastery of New Engleberg
Frowin founded the Benedictine monastery of New Engleberg at Conception , which was erected into an abbey in 1881 .	0.878	founded the Benedictine monastery of New Engleberg at	Frowin	Conception
Frowin founded the Benedictine monastery of New Engleberg at Conception , which was erected into an abbey in 1881 .	0.707	be founded at	the Benedictine monastery of New Engleberg	Conception
Marking the first use of Disney 's multiplane camera , the film also incorporates realistic depictions of animal behavior , complex lighting and color effects , depictions of rain , wind , lightning , ripples , splashes and reflections , three-dimensional rotation of detailed objects , and the use of timing to produce specific dramatic and emotional effects .	0.825	also incorporates	the film	realistic depictions of animal behavior , complex lighting and color effects , depictions of rain , wind , lightning , ripples , splashes and reflections , three-dimensional rotation of detailed objects
Marking the first use of Disney 's multiplane camera , the film also incorporates realistic depictions of animal behavior , complex lighting and color effects , depictions of rain , wind , lightning , ripples , splashes and reflections , three-dimensional rotation of detailed objects , and the use of timing to produce specific dramatic and emotional effects .	0.736	be the use of	the film	timing
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen - Probe .	0.79	how much money would pump into	Chugai	Gen - Probe
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen - Probe .	0.743	would be pump into	much money	Gen - Probe
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen - Probe .	0.7	spends about 15 % of its sales on	Chugai	research and development
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen - Probe .	0.636	would pump	Chugai	much money
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen - Probe .	0.609	be spends by	about 15 % of its sales	Chugai
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen - Probe .	0.589	be deputy president of	Osamu Nagayama	Chugai
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen - Probe .	0.544	was	Osamu Nagayama	unable
Cybotron released a self-titled album in 1976 on the Clear Light of Jupiter label which contained mainly synthesisers and saxophone .	0.92	released a self-titled album in	Cybotron	1976
Cybotron released a self-titled album in 1976 on the Clear Light of Jupiter label which contained mainly synthesisers and saxophone .	0.895	released a self-titled album on	Cybotron	the Clear Light of Jupiter label
Cybotron released a self-titled album in 1976 on the Clear Light of Jupiter label which contained mainly synthesisers and saxophone .	0.85	released	Cybotron	a self-titled album
Cybotron released a self-titled album in 1976 on the Clear Light of Jupiter label which contained mainly synthesisers and saxophone .	0.804	be released in	a self-titled album	1976
Cybotron released a self-titled album in 1976 on the Clear Light of Jupiter label which contained mainly synthesisers and saxophone .	0.795	be released on	a self-titled album	the Clear Light of Jupiter label
Cybotron released a self-titled album in 1976 on the Clear Light of Jupiter label which contained mainly synthesisers and saxophone .	0.72	released a self-titled album	Cybotron	1976
Cybotron released a self-titled album in 1976 on the Clear Light of Jupiter label which contained mainly synthesisers and saxophone .	0.654	be released a self-titled album in	Cybotron	the Clear Light of Jupiter label
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .	0.835	felt like	It	a party , or a highly polished jam session
They acquired the Charles City Western on December 31 , 1963 .	0.926	acquired the Charles City Western on	They	December 31 , 1963
They acquired the Charles City Western on December 31 , 1963 .	0.877	acquired	They	the Charles City Western
They acquired the Charles City Western on December 31 , 1963 .	0.768	be acquired on	the Charles City Western	December 31 , 1963
The trip took over 49 days , where he averaged 79 miles per day .	0.845	took over	The trip	49 days where he averaged 79 miles per day
The trip took over 49 days , where he averaged 79 miles per day .	0.75	averaged	he	79 miles
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .	0.92	said after	Mr. Blair	the meeting
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .	0.677	had filed separate lawsuits in	he	the Ontario Supreme Court
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .	0.62	had filed separate lawsuits for	he	unjust dismissal
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .	0.587	had filed	he	separate lawsuits
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .	0.566	be controls by	Canadian Express	Hees International Bancorp Inc.
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .	0.505	had filed separate lawsuits against	he	Enfield
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .	0.708	to attract to be	software developers	the company 's RISC architecture
Large cross - border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion in the second quarter , the firm added .	0.877	totaled $ 17.1 billion in	Large cross	the second quarter
Large cross - border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion in the second quarter , the firm added .	0.87	totaled $ 17.1 billion in	border deals	the second quarter
Large cross - border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion in the second quarter , the firm added .	0.778	numbered	Large cross	51
Large cross - border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion in the second quarter , the firm added .	0.767	numbered	border deals	51
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	0.599	be lacking on	the AnyKey inscription	their face
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .	0.866	launches a new research publication in	Meharry Medical College	the spring
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .	0.854	launches a new research publication	Meharry Medical College	the Journal
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .	0.631	launches the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved in	Meharry Medical College	the spring
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .	0.607	launches the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved	Meharry Medical College	a new research publication
As a boy , he studied with Rabbi Tzvi Hirsh Braude of Salant .	0.88	studied with	he	Rabbi Tzvi Hirsh Braude of Salant
As a boy , he studied with Rabbi Tzvi Hirsh Braude of Salant .	0.601	studied as	he	a boy
SEC Network is a digital cable and satellite television network that launched on August 14 , 2014 , focusing on coverage of sporting events sanctioned by the Southeastern Conference .	0.82	be sanctioned by	events	the Southeastern Conference
SEC Network is a digital cable and satellite television network that launched on August 14 , 2014 , focusing on coverage of sporting events sanctioned by the Southeastern Conference .	0.817	is	SEC Network	a digital cable and satellite television network that launched on August 14 , 2014
SEC Network is a digital cable and satellite television network that launched on August 14 , 2014 , focusing on coverage of sporting events sanctioned by the Southeastern Conference .	0.56	be launched on	2014	August 14
Most reporters require the source to have `` commissioned status '' .	0.833	require	Most reporters	the source to have `` commissioned status ''
The Federal Trade Commission began an investigation in late 1995 .	0.828	began	The Federal Trade Commission	an investigation
The Federal Trade Commission began an investigation in late 1995 .	0.777	began in	The Federal Trade Commission	late 1995
He joined the US Army and served in an entertainment unit in Germany , where he was nicknamed the Harlem Hillbilly for singing country songs in R&B style .	0.885	was nicknamed the Harlem Hillbilly for	he	singing country songs
He joined the US Army and served in an entertainment unit in Germany , where he was nicknamed the Harlem Hillbilly for singing country songs in R&B style .	0.866	served in	He	an entertainment unit
He joined the US Army and served in an entertainment unit in Germany , where he was nicknamed the Harlem Hillbilly for singing country songs in R&B style .	0.802	served in	He	Germany
He joined the US Army and served in an entertainment unit in Germany , where he was nicknamed the Harlem Hillbilly for singing country songs in R&B style .	0.687	was nicknamed	he	the Harlem Hillbilly
He joined the US Army and served in an entertainment unit in Germany , where he was nicknamed the Harlem Hillbilly for singing country songs in R&B style .	0.685	joined	He	the US Army
He joined the US Army and served in an entertainment unit in Germany , where he was nicknamed the Harlem Hillbilly for singing country songs in R&B style .	0.425	was nicknamed the Harlem Hillbilly in	he	Germany
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .	0.861	is just the sort of	the prominent purchase	deal
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .	0.74	is just	the prominent purchase	the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being
`` To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible , '' said Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. ) , who has introduced a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt .	0.59	To be allow without	this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing	prior congressional approval
He told them that he found their present behavior very strange , considering their involvement in the army revolt at Siffin .	0.705	told	He	them
He told them that he found their present behavior very strange , considering their involvement in the army revolt at Siffin .	0.599	told them	He	he
He told them that he found their present behavior very strange , considering their involvement in the army revolt at Siffin .	0.553	found	he	their present behavior very strange
He told them that he found their present behavior very strange , considering their involvement in the army revolt at Siffin .	0.367	found their present behavior very strange considering	he	their involvement
In the winter of 1976 , Knievel was scheduled for a major jump in Chicago , Illinois .	0.932	was scheduled for	Knievel	a major jump
In the winter of 1976 , Knievel was scheduled for a major jump in Chicago , Illinois .	0.824	was scheduled in	Knievel	the winter of 1976
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .	0.638	aligned though against	flush banks	it
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .	0.523	aligned though with	flush banks	Japan 's cash
`` That burden is very difficult , if not impossible , to meet , '' says Mr. Boyd .	0.705	is very	That burden	difficult
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .	0.862	be subordinated in	CS First Boston	domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .	0.751	be made by	a move	the other major credit rating concern
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .	0.627	be subordinated from	CS First Boston	single - A - 2
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .	0.577	is matching several months ago	Moody	a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp.
There is no evidence to support claims that a Japanese submarine participated in the sinking of HMAS `` Sydney '' .	0.846	participated in	a Japanese submarine	the sinking of HMAS `` Sydney
The U.S. market , too , is dominated by a giant , International Business Machines Corp .	0.858	too is dominated by	The U.S. market	a giant
A number of rare and endemic plants are adapted to the unique limestone soils of the mountains , including the cliffdweller , bristlecone cryptantha , and Inyo rock daisy .	0.958	are adapted to	A number of rare and endemic plants	the unique limestone soils of the mountains , including the cliffdweller , bristlecone cryptantha , and Inyo rock daisy
A number of rare and endemic plants are adapted to the unique limestone soils of the mountains , including the cliffdweller , bristlecone cryptantha , and Inyo rock daisy .	0.398	be the unique limestone soils of the mountains including	bristlecone cryptantha	the cliffdweller
The 2008 concert of Classic Rock band Bad Company at the venue was recorded for a 2010 release on CD and DVD .	0.925	was recorded for	The 2008 concert of Classic Rock band Bad Company	a 2010 release
Just as he makes this decision , however , George Sr. is arrested by the Securities and Exchange Commission for defrauding investors and gross spending of the company 's money for `` personal expenses '' .	0.88	however is arrested by	George Sr	the Securities and Exchange Commission
Just as he makes this decision , however , George Sr. is arrested by the Securities and Exchange Commission for defrauding investors and gross spending of the company 's money for `` personal expenses '' .	0.622	be defrauding for	investors and gross spending of the company 's money	personal expenses
Just as he makes this decision , however , George Sr. is arrested by the Securities and Exchange Commission for defrauding investors and gross spending of the company 's money for `` personal expenses '' .	0.45	Just makes	he	this decision
In `` The Book of the Dead '' , Scarpetta has relocated as a freelance forensic examiner/expert to Charleston , South Carolina .	0.856	has relocated as	Scarpetta	a freelance forensic examiner/expert
In `` The Book of the Dead '' , Scarpetta has relocated as a freelance forensic examiner/expert to Charleston , South Carolina .	0.672	has relocated in	Scarpetta	The Book of the Dead
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''	0.785	could grasp an issue with	He	the blink of an eye
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''	0.728	could be grasp with	an issue	the blink of an eye
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''	0.723	could grasp	He	an issue
Tom Panelli had a perfectly good reason for not using the $ 300 rowing machine he bought three years ago .	0.817	had	Tom Panelli	a perfectly good reason
Plants have been planted marking parts of the foundations of the castle , so the positions of some of the buildings can still be inferred .	0.421	have been planted marking	Plants	parts of the foundations of the castle
Adnan Latif was in a car accident in 1994 , during which he suffered significant head injuries , which left him with on-going neurological problems .	0.906	was in	Adnan Latif	a car accident during which he suffered significant head injuries ,
Adnan Latif was in a car accident in 1994 , during which he suffered significant head injuries , which left him with on-going neurological problems .	0.82	left him with	significant head injuries	on-going neurological problems
Adnan Latif was in a car accident in 1994 , during which he suffered significant head injuries , which left him with on-going neurological problems .	0.761	suffered	he	significant head injuries which left him with on-going neurological problems
Adnan Latif was in a car accident in 1994 , during which he suffered significant head injuries , which left him with on-going neurological problems .	0.686	be left with	him	on-going neurological problems
And some doctors who have conducted hours of tests on themselves report temporary headaches .	0.812	report	some doctors who have conducted hours of tests on themselves	temporary headaches
She provided an audio commentary for the episode on the DVD release of the show 's third series alongside David Tennant .	0.761	provided	She	an audio commentary
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .	0.401	often uses in	he	Father Trabold
Within England and especially Scotland , there were repeated attempts by the deposed House of Stewart to regain the throne , leading to severe uprisings .	0.587	were in	repeated attempts to regain the throne	Scotland
In ALE , the sounding information consists of a heavily error-corrected short message identifying the sender .	0.887	consists of	the sounding information	a heavily error-corrected short message identifying the sender
In ALE , the sounding information consists of a heavily error-corrected short message identifying the sender .	0.578	consists in	the sounding information	ALE
In order to comply with state and federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act rules and regulations , Frazier School District engages in identification procedures to ensure that eligible students receive an appropriate educational program consisting of special education and related services , individualized to meet student needs .	0.768	consisting of	an appropriate educational program	special education
In order to comply with state and federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act rules and regulations , Frazier School District engages in identification procedures to ensure that eligible students receive an appropriate educational program consisting of special education and related services , individualized to meet student needs .	0.746	receive	eligible students	an appropriate educational program consisting of special education and related services ,
John Bird Summer wrote that Jesus 's religion was `` wonderfully suitable ... to our ideas of happiness in this & the next world '' and there was `` no other way ... of explaining the series of evidence & probability . ''	0.737	wrote	John Bird Summer	Jesus 's religion
John Bird Summer wrote that Jesus 's religion was `` wonderfully suitable ... to our ideas of happiness in this & the next world '' and there was `` no other way ... of explaining the series of evidence & probability . ''	0.646	was wonderfully suitable to	Jesus 's religion	our ideas of happiness
John Bird Summer wrote that Jesus 's religion was `` wonderfully suitable ... to our ideas of happiness in this & the next world '' and there was `` no other way ... of explaining the series of evidence & probability . ''	0.433	was wonderfully	Jesus 's religion	suitable
The League of Assassins was founded by Ra 's al Ghul to be `` the fang that protects the head '' .	0.925	was founded by	The League of Assassins	Ra 's al Ghul
The League of Assassins was founded by Ra 's al Ghul to be `` the fang that protects the head '' .	0.776	was founded	The League of Assassins	the fang that protects the head ''
The League of Assassins was founded by Ra 's al Ghul to be `` the fang that protects the head '' .	0.564	be protects by	the head	the fang
It was regained by Syria on October 6 , 1973 , the first day of the Yom Kippur War , following the First Battle of Mount Hermon .	0.905	was regained by	It	Syria
It was regained by Syria on October 6 , 1973 , the first day of the Yom Kippur War , following the First Battle of Mount Hermon .	0.845	was regained on	It	October 6 , 1973
It was regained by Syria on October 6 , 1973 , the first day of the Yom Kippur War , following the First Battle of Mount Hermon .	0.829	was regained following	It	the First Battle of Mount Hermon
It was regained by Syria on October 6 , 1973 , the first day of the Yom Kippur War , following the First Battle of Mount Hermon .	0.512	be the first day of	October 6 , 1973	the Yom Kippur War
Chisum Independent School District , or CISD , is a public school district based in the southern portion of Paris , Texas .	0.833	be based in	a public school district	the southern portion of Paris
Chisum Independent School District , or CISD , is a public school district based in the southern portion of Paris , Texas .	0.687	is a public school district in	Chisum Independent School District , or CISD	the southern portion of Paris
Chisum Independent School District , or CISD , is a public school district based in the southern portion of Paris , Texas .	0.682	is	Chisum Independent School District , or CISD	a public school district based in the southern portion of Paris , Texas
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .	0.845	beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with	Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant	aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .	0.84	beat back	Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant	a United Auto Workers organizing effort
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .	0.803	be beat back with	a United Auto Workers organizing effort	aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .	0.554	beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort in	Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant	July
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .	0.529	be beat back in	a United Auto Workers organizing effort	July
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .	0.263	beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort	Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant	July
On 1 November 1945 he returned to the Metropolitan Police as Assistant Commissioner `` A '' , in charge of administration and uniformed policing .	0.859	returned to	he	the Metropolitan Police
On 1 November 1945 he returned to the Metropolitan Police as Assistant Commissioner `` A '' , in charge of administration and uniformed policing .	0.764	returned as	he	Assistant Commissioner `` A
On 1 November 1945 he returned to the Metropolitan Police as Assistant Commissioner `` A '' , in charge of administration and uniformed policing .	0.694	returned in	he	charge of administration
On 1 November 1945 he returned to the Metropolitan Police as Assistant Commissioner `` A '' , in charge of administration and uniformed policing .	0.601	returned on	he	1 November 1945
I am referring to those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms during the Vietnam war and fled to Canada or some other sanctuary to avoid combat .	0.822	fled to	those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms during the Vietnam war	Canada or some other sanctuary
I am referring to those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms during the Vietnam war and fled to Canada or some other sanctuary to avoid combat .	0.794	to disobey to be	their country 's call	arms
I am referring to those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms during the Vietnam war and fled to Canada or some other sanctuary to avoid combat .	0.69	am referring to	I	those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms during the Vietnam war and fled to Canada or some other sanctuary to avoid combat
Charles prorogued parliament on 25 June , but the army was not disbanded , which worried Shaftesbury .	0.85	prorogued	Charles	parliament
Many composers have been capable of producing music in printed form without the capacity themselves to read or write in musical notation , as long as an amanuensis of some sort is available .	0.707	be producing in	music	printed form
Many composers have been capable of producing music in printed form without the capacity themselves to read or write in musical notation , as long as an amanuensis of some sort is available .	0.669	be producing without	music	the capacity themselves to read or write in musical notation
Many composers have been capable of producing music in printed form without the capacity themselves to read or write in musical notation , as long as an amanuensis of some sort is available .	0.598	is	an amanuensis of some sort	available
Many composers have been capable of producing music in printed form without the capacity themselves to read or write in musical notation , as long as an amanuensis of some sort is available .	0.399	be an amanuensis of	available	some sort
He also contended that the plaintiffs failed to cite any legal authority that would justify such an injunction .	0.692	failed to cite	the plaintiffs	any legal authority that would justify such an injunction
He also contended that the plaintiffs failed to cite any legal authority that would justify such an injunction .	0.622	to cite	the plaintiffs	any legal authority that would justify such an injunction
Evidence also points to the role of a number of contextual factors that can impact intimate relationships .	0.829	also points to	Evidence	the role of a number of contextual factors
Governments can also create money to monetize their debts , thereby removing the need to pay interest .	0.779	can also create	Governments	money to monetize their debts
Governments can also create money to monetize their debts , thereby removing the need to pay interest .	0.648	can also create money to monetize their debts thereby removing	Governments	the need to pay interest
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .	0.692	has	The Japanese concern	a 40 % stake
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .	0.626	has	the local partner	a 60 % stake
Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved `` nuances . ''	0.784	involved	they	nuances
Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved `` nuances . ''	0.552	be reports of	exaggerated	tension
Estimates of transformation into melanoma vary from 2-42 % in the literature , but are most commonly considered to be at the low end of that spectrum due to early observer bias .	0.85	vary from	Estimates of transformation	2-42 %
In the 2013 season , Yost posted an 86-76 record with the Royals , their first winning season since 2003 .	0.842	posted	Yost	an 86-76 record
In the 2013 season , Yost posted an 86-76 record with the Royals , their first winning season since 2003 .	0.568	posted an 86-76 record with the Royals , their first winning season since 2003 in	Yost	the 2013 season
In the 2013 season , Yost posted an 86-76 record with the Royals , their first winning season since 2003 .	0.565	be posted in	an 86-76 record	the 2013 season
In the 2013 season , Yost posted an 86-76 record with the Royals , their first winning season since 2003 .	0.461	be their first winning season since	the Royals	2003
In the 2013 season , Yost posted an 86-76 record with the Royals , their first winning season since 2003 .	0.274	posted an 86-76 record with the Royals , their first winning season since 2003	Yost	the 2013 season
Arbuthnot provided him with a sister named Peg , and a traditional adversary in Louis Baboon .	0.9	provided him with	Arbuthnot	a sister named Peg
Arbuthnot provided him with a sister named Peg , and a traditional adversary in Louis Baboon .	0.809	provided	Arbuthnot	him
Arbuthnot provided him with a sister named Peg , and a traditional adversary in Louis Baboon .	0.767	be a traditional adversary in	Arbuthnot	Louis Baboon
Arbuthnot provided him with a sister named Peg , and a traditional adversary in Louis Baboon .	0.667	be provided with	him	a sister named Peg
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .	0.601	are coming to	INTENSIVE AUDITS	55,500 taxpayers
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .	0.502	are coming as	INTENSIVE AUDITS	research guinea pigs
A large colony of Quakers were among the earliest settlers in Talbot County ; as they had no reverence for saints , they persisted in dropping the word saint and calling the river Michaels River .	0.913	were among	A large colony of Quakers	the earliest settlers
A large colony of Quakers were among the earliest settlers in Talbot County ; as they had no reverence for saints , they persisted in dropping the word saint and calling the river Michaels River .	0.769	had	they	no reverence
This involves trade - offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ` necessary . ' ''	0.699	}	it	cuts
This involves trade - offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ` necessary . ' ''	0.449	involves	it	trade
Merrill said it continues to believe that `` the causes of excess market volatility are far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy .	0.823	are far more complex than	the causes of excess market volatility	any particular computer trading strategy
Merrill said it continues to believe that `` the causes of excess market volatility are far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy .	0.399	be the causes of	complex	excess market volatility
Positive displacement compressors are currently the most efficient type of compressor , and have the largest refrigerating effect per single unit .	0.913	are currently the most efficient type of	Positive displacement compressors	compressor
Positive displacement compressors are currently the most efficient type of compressor , and have the largest refrigerating effect per single unit .	0.658	have	Positive displacement compressors	the largest refrigerating effect
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .	0.768	has	The drug	a three - dimensional structure similar
The first five laps would be added to the second part of the race and the overall result would be decided on aggregate .	0.926	would be added to	The first five laps	the second part of the race
The first five laps would be added to the second part of the race and the overall result would be decided on aggregate .	0.292	be part of	second	the race and the overall result
Armstrong World Industries Inc. agreed in principle to sell its carpet operations to Shaw Industries Inc .	0.92	agreed in	Armstrong World Industries Inc.	principle
Armstrong World Industries Inc. agreed in principle to sell its carpet operations to Shaw Industries Inc .	0.83	agreed to sell its carpet operations to	Armstrong World Industries Inc.	Shaw Industries Inc
Armstrong World Industries Inc. agreed in principle to sell its carpet operations to Shaw Industries Inc .	0.83	to sell its carpet operations to	Armstrong World Industries Inc.	Shaw Industries Inc
Armstrong World Industries Inc. agreed in principle to sell its carpet operations to Shaw Industries Inc .	0.76	to sell	Armstrong World Industries Inc.	its carpet operations
Armstrong World Industries Inc. agreed in principle to sell its carpet operations to Shaw Industries Inc .	0.756	to sell to be	its carpet operations	Shaw Industries Inc
Armstrong World Industries Inc. agreed in principle to sell its carpet operations to Shaw Industries Inc .	0.699	agreed to sell	Armstrong World Industries Inc.	its carpet operations
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	0.932	had children under	35.00 %	the age of 18 living
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	0.851	be had under	children	the age of 18 living
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	0.793	had	35.00 %	children
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	0.782	had	couples living together	a female householder
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	0.753	were	32.50 %	non-families
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	0.656	were	no husband	non-families
This mutation gives him superhuman strength , speed , reflexes , agility , flexibility , dexterity , coordination , balance , and endurance .	0.782	gives him	This mutation	superhuman strength
The offering was priced with an 8.95 % coupon rate at 99.1875 % to yield 9.19 % .	0.929	was priced with	The offering	an 8.95 % coupon rate
The offering was priced with an 8.95 % coupon rate at 99.1875 % to yield 9.19 % .	0.911	was priced at	The offering	99.1875 %
In 1914 , the BSA gave local councils the power to segregate African Americans from white Scouts .	0.863	gave local councils	the BSA	the power to segregate African Americans from white Scouts
In 1914 , the BSA gave local councils the power to segregate African Americans from white Scouts .	0.695	to be segregate from	African Americans	white Scouts
In 1914 , the BSA gave local councils the power to segregate African Americans from white Scouts .	0.565	be gave local councils in	the power to segregate African Americans from white Scouts	1914
In 1914 , the BSA gave local councils the power to segregate African Americans from white Scouts .	0.529	gave local councils the power to segregate African Americans from white Scouts in	the BSA	1914
That sponsorship ended in 1991 , and the event is now known as the Zurich Classic of New Orleans .	0.933	is now known as	the event	the Zurich Classic of New Orleans
That sponsorship ended in 1991 , and the event is now known as the Zurich Classic of New Orleans .	0.877	ended in	That sponsorship	1991
Its objective is to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students at their campuses .	0.877	is to organize professional development training sessions for	Its objective	enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students
Its objective is to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students at their campuses .	0.854	is to organize	Its objective	in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences
Its objective is to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students at their campuses .	0.853	to organize professional development training sessions for	Its objective	enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students
Its objective is to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students at their campuses .	0.835	is to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , for	Its objective	enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students
Its objective is to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students at their campuses .	0.805	to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , for	Its objective	enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students
Its objective is to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students at their campuses .	0.797	to be organize for	in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences	enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students
Its objective is to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students at their campuses .	0.782	is to organize local and international conferences for	Its objective	enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students
Its objective is to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students at their campuses .	0.782	is to organize workshops for	Its objective	enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students
Its objective is to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students at their campuses .	0.744	to organize local and international conferences for	Its objective	enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students
Its objective is to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students at their campuses .	0.744	to organize workshops for	Its objective	enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students
The railways were separate , the S&D being administered by the Midland Railway and the London and South Western Railway companies and the North Somerset being run by and then owned by the Great Western Railway .	0.719	were	The railways	separate
The railways were separate , the S&D being administered by the Midland Railway and the London and South Western Railway companies and the North Somerset being run by and then owned by the Great Western Railway .	0.673	being administered by	the S&D	the Midland Railway and the London and South Western Railway companies
Under the command of two Deputy Chiefs in two Districts , the HFD maintains a fire apparatus fleet of eleven engines , five ladders , one tac unit , one fireboat , one rehab unit , one decon Unit , one foam unit , one fire investigation unit , three Maintenance Units , and numerous other spare apparatus .	0.611	maintains	the HFD	a fire apparatus fleet of eleven engines
Under the command of two Deputy Chiefs in two Districts , the HFD maintains a fire apparatus fleet of eleven engines , five ladders , one tac unit , one fireboat , one rehab unit , one decon Unit , one foam unit , one fire investigation unit , three Maintenance Units , and numerous other spare apparatus .	0.401	maintains a fire apparatus fleet of eleven engines , five ladders , one tac unit , one fireboat , one rehab unit , one decon Unit , one foam unit , one fire investigation unit under	the HFD	the command of two Deputy Chiefs
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Al Nasr SC .	0.848	is currently used mostly for	It	football matches
Another variation of `` bife '' is `` bife a casa '' , which may resemble the `` bife a cavalo '' or may feature embellishments such as asparagus .	0.731	is bife	Another variation of `` bife	a casa which may resemble the `` bife a cavalo ''
He can teleport himself or others through time and space .	0.772	can be teleport through	himself or others	time and space
He can teleport himself or others through time and space .	0.768	can teleport himself or others through	He	time and space
He can teleport himself or others through time and space .	0.666	can teleport	He	himself or others
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .	0.691	rose 1\/2 point in	New York bonds	yesterday
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .	0.677	rose	New York bonds	1\/2 point
The Bears would have to wait until 2000 to play another international , when they played France in the lead-up to the 2000 Rugby League World Cup .	0.911	played France in	they	the lead-up
The Bears would have to wait until 2000 to play another international , when they played France in the lead-up to the 2000 Rugby League World Cup .	0.873	played France to	they	the 2000 Rugby League World Cup
The Bears would have to wait until 2000 to play another international , when they played France in the lead-up to the 2000 Rugby League World Cup .	0.854	would have to wait until	The Bears	2000
The Bears would have to wait until 2000 to play another international , when they played France in the lead-up to the 2000 Rugby League World Cup .	0.822	played	they	France
The Bears would have to wait until 2000 to play another international , when they played France in the lead-up to the 2000 Rugby League World Cup .	0.772	be played in	France	the lead-up
The Bears would have to wait until 2000 to play another international , when they played France in the lead-up to the 2000 Rugby League World Cup .	0.744	be played to	France	the 2000 Rugby League World Cup
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	0.854	agreed will to sell its headquarters building here to	USG Corp.	Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	0.854	to sell its headquarters building here to	USG Corp.	Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	0.789	to sell to be	its headquarters building	Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	0.714	moves to	it	a new quarters
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	0.699	will lease	USG Corp.	19 - story facility
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	0.683	to sell	USG Corp.	its headquarters building
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	0.625	moves in	it	1992
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	0.444	agreed will to sell	USG Corp.	its headquarters building
Today most automotive engines use overhead cams , driving a flat tappet to achieve the shortest , lightest weight , and most inelastic path from cam to valve , thereby avoiding elastic elements such as pushrod and rocker arm .	0.757	use	automotive engines	overhead cams
Today most automotive engines use overhead cams , driving a flat tappet to achieve the shortest , lightest weight , and most inelastic path from cam to valve , thereby avoiding elastic elements such as pushrod and rocker arm .	0.614	use overhead cams driving	automotive engines	a flat tappet to achieve the shortest , lightest weight
Today most automotive engines use overhead cams , driving a flat tappet to achieve the shortest , lightest weight , and most inelastic path from cam to valve , thereby avoiding elastic elements such as pushrod and rocker arm .	0.332	use overhead cams thereby avoiding	automotive engines	elastic elements
The novel follows Cashel Byron , a world champion prizefighter , as he tries to woo wealthy aristocrat Lydia Carew without revealing his illegal profession .	0.71	follows	The novel	Cashel Byron
The novel follows Cashel Byron , a world champion prizefighter , as he tries to woo wealthy aristocrat Lydia Carew without revealing his illegal profession .	0.605	tries to woo	he	wealthy aristocrat Lydia Carew
In the third round , after being asked the question , the contestant has two choices , either to answer the question themselves or pass the question to his or her opponent .	0.717	be pass to	the question	his or her opponent
In the third round , after being asked the question , the contestant has two choices , either to answer the question themselves or pass the question to his or her opponent .	0.68	has	the contestant	two choices
In the third round , after being asked the question , the contestant has two choices , either to answer the question themselves or pass the question to his or her opponent .	0.435	being asked in	the question	the third round
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .	0.845	reflects	Courtaulds ' spinoff	pressure to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .	0.772	to be boost beyond	share prices	the reach of corporate raiders
Although in Flanders , the Flemish Region assigned all of its powers to the Flemish Community , the Walloon Region remains in principle distinct from and independent from the French Community , and vice-versa .	0.819	remains independent	the Walloon Region	distinct from and independent
Although in Flanders , the Flemish Region assigned all of its powers to the Flemish Community , the Walloon Region remains in principle distinct from and independent from the French Community , and vice-versa .	0.805	remains in	the Walloon Region	principle
Although in Flanders , the Flemish Region assigned all of its powers to the Flemish Community , the Walloon Region remains in principle distinct from and independent from the French Community , and vice-versa .	0.341	assigned all of its powers to the Flemish Community , the Walloon Region remains in principle distinct from and independent from the French Community in	the Flemish Region	Flanders
The Victoria and Waterloo tunnels were cleared of debris and reflectors placed on the roof after a survey of the tunnels .	0.957	were cleared of	The Victoria and Waterloo tunnels	debris and reflectors placed on the roof after a survey of the tunnels
The Victoria and Waterloo tunnels were cleared of debris and reflectors placed on the roof after a survey of the tunnels .	0.769	be placed after	debris and reflectors	a survey of the tunnels
The Victoria and Waterloo tunnels were cleared of debris and reflectors placed on the roof after a survey of the tunnels .	0.736	be placed on	debris and reflectors	the roof
In keeping with the theme of time as it relates to reality and fantasy , these are seasonal songs that restore the sense of time to the play .	0.778	be restore to	the sense of time	the play
In keeping with the theme of time as it relates to reality and fantasy , these are seasonal songs that restore the sense of time to the play .	0.63	relates to	it	reality and fantasy
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	0.968	were charged with	they	racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	0.919	allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from	they	their homeland
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	0.801	be the ousted president of	Mrs. Marcos and her late husband	the Philippines
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	0.753	be fled for	the Philippines	Hawaii
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	0.722	fled the Philippines for	Mrs. Marcos and her late husband	Hawaii
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	0.618	fled	Mrs. Marcos and her late husband	the Philippines
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	0.507	fled the Philippines in	Mrs. Marcos and her late husband	1988
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	0.438	be fled in	the Philippines	1988
After a short absence Keibler began a short feud with the evil Jillian Hall , which led to the two having a match on `` Velocity '' , which Keibler lost .	0.881	began a short feud with	Keibler	the evil Jillian Hall
After a short absence Keibler began a short feud with the evil Jillian Hall , which led to the two having a match on `` Velocity '' , which Keibler lost .	0.842	began	Keibler	a short feud
After a short absence Keibler began a short feud with the evil Jillian Hall , which led to the two having a match on `` Velocity '' , which Keibler lost .	0.724	be began with	a short feud	the evil Jillian Hall
It was a notable influence on John Buchan and Ken Follett , who described it as `` an open-air adventure thriller about two young men who stumble upon a German armada preparing to invade England . ''	0.843	was a notable influence on	It	John Buchan and Ken Follett
It was a notable influence on John Buchan and Ken Follett , who described it as `` an open-air adventure thriller about two young men who stumble upon a German armada preparing to invade England . ''	0.771	stumble upon	two young men	a German armada preparing to invade England
It was a notable influence on John Buchan and Ken Follett , who described it as `` an open-air adventure thriller about two young men who stumble upon a German armada preparing to invade England . ''	0.757	described it as	John Buchan and Ken Follett	an open-air adventure thriller
It was a notable influence on John Buchan and Ken Follett , who described it as `` an open-air adventure thriller about two young men who stumble upon a German armada preparing to invade England . ''	0.718	be described as	it	an open-air adventure thriller
It was a notable influence on John Buchan and Ken Follett , who described it as `` an open-air adventure thriller about two young men who stumble upon a German armada preparing to invade England . ''	0.649	was	It	a notable influence
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .	0.887	had a loss of $ 3.6 million in	Employers Casualty	the year
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .	0.829	had a loss of $ 3.6 million	Employers Casualty	earlier quarter
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .	0.809	had earlier quarter	Employers Casualty	a loss of $ 3.6 million
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .	0.808	had earlier quarter in	Employers Casualty	the year
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .	0.659	be had earlier quarter in	a loss of $ 3.6 million	the year
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .	0.562	be had a loss of $ 3.6 million in	earlier quarter	the year
The Portuguese steak , `` bife '' , is a slice of fried beef or pork served in a wine-based sauce with fried potatoes , rice , or salad .	0.964	bife '' , is a slice of	The Portuguese steak	fried beef or pork served in a wine-based sauce with fried potatoes , rice , or salad
The Portuguese steak , `` bife '' , is a slice of fried beef or pork served in a wine-based sauce with fried potatoes , rice , or salad .	0.803	is	The Portuguese steak	bife '' , is a slice of fried beef
The Portuguese steak , `` bife '' , is a slice of fried beef or pork served in a wine-based sauce with fried potatoes , rice , or salad .	0.779	be served in	fried beef or pork	a wine-based sauce
Same-sex couples headed 63 households in 2010 , an increase from the 58 counted in 2000 .	0.894	counted in	an increase	2000
Same-sex couples headed 63 households in 2010 , an increase from the 58 counted in 2000 .	0.877	headed 63 households in	Same-sex couples	2010
Same-sex couples headed 63 households in 2010 , an increase from the 58 counted in 2000 .	0.837	headed	Same-sex couples	63 households
Same-sex couples headed 63 households in 2010 , an increase from the 58 counted in 2000 .	0.736	be headed in	63 households	2010
Following a design competition , the Gothic Revival design was by Henry Hare .	0.832	was by	the Gothic Revival design	Henry Hare
It had the right to elect 12 burgesses to the corporation .	0.777	had	It	the right to elect 12 burgesses to the corporation
It had the right to elect 12 burgesses to the corporation .	0.708	to elect to be	12 burgesses	the corporation
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .	0.81	was requested by	British double agent `` Garbo	his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .	0.768	made Tate '' to	similar requests	the other German agents
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .	0.768	made `` Brutus '' and `` to	similar requests	the other German agents
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .	0.659	made	similar requests	Brutus '' and `` Tate
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .	0.653	be made to	Brutus '' and `` Tate	the other German agents
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .	0.556	was requested on	British double agent `` Garbo	16
Regulations meant that the original sixth lap would be deleted and the race would be restarted from the beginning of said lap .	0.902	would would be restarted from	the race	the beginning of said lap
Regulations meant that the original sixth lap would be deleted and the race would be restarted from the beginning of said lap .	0.852	would would be restarted from	the original sixth lap	the beginning of said lap
Autostereoscopy is any method of displaying stereoscopic images without the use of special headgear or glasses on the part of the viewer .	0.817	is	Autostereoscopy	any method displaying stereoscopic images without the use of special headgear or glasses on the part of the viewer
Autostereoscopy is any method of displaying stereoscopic images without the use of special headgear or glasses on the part of the viewer .	0.696	be displaying without	stereoscopic images	the use of special headgear
The team has fielded multiple trucks , usually with sponsorship from Red Line Oil and the Coverall Carports .	0.817	has fielded multiple trucks with	The team	sponsorship
The team has fielded multiple trucks , usually with sponsorship from Red Line Oil and the Coverall Carports .	0.726	has fielded	The team	multiple trucks
He is a descendent of the famous Kiowa flutist , Belo Cozad , and has made two commercial recordings , `` Flute Songs of the Kiowa and Comanche '' and `` The Traditional and Contemporary Indian Flute of Tom Mauchahty Ware '' .	0.779	is a descendent has of	He	the famous Kiowa flutist
He is a descendent of the famous Kiowa flutist , Belo Cozad , and has made two commercial recordings , `` Flute Songs of the Kiowa and Comanche '' and `` The Traditional and Contemporary Indian Flute of Tom Mauchahty Ware '' .	0.541	is has	He	a descendent of the famous Kiowa flutist
He is a descendent of the famous Kiowa flutist , Belo Cozad , and has made two commercial recordings , `` Flute Songs of the Kiowa and Comanche '' and `` The Traditional and Contemporary Indian Flute of Tom Mauchahty Ware '' .	0.535	has made	He	two commercial recordings , `` Flute Songs of the Kiowa
The island was also affected by the 2006 Pangandaran earthquake and tsunami , when a 7.7-magnitude undersea earthquake occurred off the coast of west Java .	0.917	occurred off	a 7.7-magnitude undersea earthquake	the coast of west Java
The island was also affected by the 2006 Pangandaran earthquake and tsunami , when a 7.7-magnitude undersea earthquake occurred off the coast of west Java .	0.9	was also affected by	The island	the 2006 Pangandaran earthquake and tsunami
Repeat customers also can purchase luxury items at reduced prices .	0.842	also can purchase luxury items at	Repeat customers	reduced prices
Repeat customers also can purchase luxury items at reduced prices .	0.808	also can purchase	Repeat customers	luxury items
Repeat customers also can purchase luxury items at reduced prices .	0.708	also can be purchase at	luxury items	reduced prices
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .	0.744	have n't even reacted month Treasury bill rates '' to	The major banks	sharp rises
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .	0.714	have n't even reacted month Treasury bill rates '' in	The major banks	the past two weeks
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .	0.714	have n't even reacted	The major banks	month Treasury bill rates
This , and his subsequent stock investments , made him a wealthy man until his personal finances were badly hit by the Crash of 1929 .	0.942	were badly hit by	his personal finances	the Crash of 1929
This , and his subsequent stock investments , made him a wealthy man until his personal finances were badly hit by the Crash of 1929 .	0.906	made him	This , and his subsequent stock investments	a wealthy man
The final panel of the series shows her with a mask similar to Madame Masque , angrily refusing to see Spider-Man since she blames him for her scars .	0.878	shows her with	The final panel of the series	a mask similar angrily refusing to see Spider-Man since she blames him for her scars
The final panel of the series shows her with a mask similar to Madame Masque , angrily refusing to see Spider-Man since she blames him for her scars .	0.7	shows	The final panel of the series	her
The final panel of the series shows her with a mask similar to Madame Masque , angrily refusing to see Spider-Man since she blames him for her scars .	0.622	blames him for	she	her scars
The final panel of the series shows her with a mask similar to Madame Masque , angrily refusing to see Spider-Man since she blames him for her scars .	0.535	blames	she	him
On November 2 , 2005 , Brown ended his contract early and left the federal government .	0.617	left	Brown	the federal government
On November 2 , 2005 , Brown ended his contract early and left the federal government .	0.555	be ended early on	his contract	November 2
On November 2 , 2005 , Brown ended his contract early and left the federal government .	0.543	ended his contract early on	Brown	November 2
On November 2 , 2005 , Brown ended his contract early and left the federal government .	0.4	ended early	Brown	his contract
On November 2 , 2005 , Brown ended his contract early and left the federal government .	0.214	ended his contract early in	Brown	November 2
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .	0.875	add political uncertainty on	The gyrations	top of high inflation
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .	0.831	be add on	political uncertainty	top of high inflation
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .	0.798	add	The gyrations	political uncertainty
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .	0.743	be assistant director of	John Hoffman	research
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .	0.616	be assistant director of research at	John Hoffman	Smith Barney , Harris Upham
Twice divorced and currently married , Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern , by her ex-husband , actor Bruce Dern .	0.83	is the mother of	Ladd	actress Laura Dern
Twice divorced and currently married , Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern , by her ex-husband , actor Bruce Dern .	0.563	is	Ladd	the mother of actress Laura Dern
The city has milder winters than either Regina or Winnipeg , both further south of Edmonton in latitude .	0.795	has milder	The city	winters
The city has milder winters than either Regina or Winnipeg , both further south of Edmonton in latitude .	0.641	be both further south of	Regina or Winnipeg	Edmonton
The city has milder winters than either Regina or Winnipeg , both further south of Edmonton in latitude .	0.578	be both further south of Edmonton in	Regina or Winnipeg	latitude
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .	0.771	is nearly possessed at	Ballard	one point
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .	0.687	is given	she	a drug and discovers
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .	0.482	are attacking	the spirits	them
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	0.625	recently announced	Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew	his intention
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	0.509	be leader of	Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew	Singapore
The third song on that session is `` Do n't Cry No More '' , featuring a faster rhythm , later charted at number 2 on `` Billboard '' R&B .	0.849	be later charted at	a faster rhythm	number 2
The third song on that session is `` Do n't Cry No More '' , featuring a faster rhythm , later charted at number 2 on `` Billboard '' R&B .	0.82	be later charted on	a faster rhythm	Billboard '' R&B
The third song on that session is `` Do n't Cry No More '' , featuring a faster rhythm , later charted at number 2 on `` Billboard '' R&B .	0.613	is Do	The third song	n't Cry
The third song on that session is `` Do n't Cry No More '' , featuring a faster rhythm , later charted at number 2 on `` Billboard '' R&B .	0.295	be The third song on	n't Cry	that session
This manual for warriors describes the necessity for understanding an opponent 's weaknesses , for using spies , and for striking in moments of weakness .	0.807	describes	This manual	the necessity
In 1981 , when staying in New York State , the pair developed the idea of running workshops for professional artists , which became the Triangle Arts Trust .	0.886	developed	the pair	the idea of running workshops
In 1981 , when staying in New York State , the pair developed the idea of running workshops for professional artists , which became the Triangle Arts Trust .	0.414	developed the idea of running workshops for professional artists , which became the Triangle Arts Trust in	the pair	1981
In 1981 , when staying in New York State , the pair developed the idea of running workshops for professional artists , which became the Triangle Arts Trust .	0.396	be developed in	the idea of running workshops	1981
Just eighteen years later , a lightning struck the north tower and burned the roof , which collapsed into the nave destroying the roof .	0.841	burned	a lightning	the roof which collapsed into the nave
Just eighteen years later , a lightning struck the north tower and burned the roof , which collapsed into the nave destroying the roof .	0.84	collapsed into	the roof	the nave destroying the roof
Just eighteen years later , a lightning struck the north tower and burned the roof , which collapsed into the nave destroying the roof .	0.721	Just eighteen years later struck	a lightning	the north tower
The Rev. William Alfred Quayle was honored by his alma mater , Baker University , with the degrees Litt.D .	0.892	was honored with	The Rev. William Alfred Quayle	the degrees Litt.D
The Rev. William Alfred Quayle was honored by his alma mater , Baker University , with the degrees Litt.D .	0.865	was honored by	The Rev. William Alfred Quayle	his alma mater
Janet Jagan was also in the forefront in operating soup kitchens for the striking workers and their families on the sugar estates .	0.92	was also in	Janet Jagan	the forefront
Janet Jagan was also in the forefront in operating soup kitchens for the striking workers and their families on the sugar estates .	0.887	was also in	Janet Jagan	operating soup
It is caused by any kind of infection and is a type of gastroenteritis .	0.886	is caused by	It	any kind of infection
As predicted , Battra once again vented his wrath on human civilization .	0.803	once again vented	Battra	his wrath
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .	0.618	tries to work out	it	a plan to pay its debt
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .	0.613	continues under	a company	Chapter 11
The album , produced by Roy Thomas Baker , was promoted with American and European tours .	0.931	was promoted with	The album produced by Roy Thomas Baker	American and European tours
The album , produced by Roy Thomas Baker , was promoted with American and European tours .	0.778	be produced by	The album	Roy Thomas Baker
Langford landed lefts and rights to the jaw so effectively , Walcott was bleeding by round two and continued bleeding more after every round .	0.752	landed so effectively continued	Langford	lefts and rights
Langford landed lefts and rights to the jaw so effectively , Walcott was bleeding by round two and continued bleeding more after every round .	0.705	was bleeding by	Walcott	round two
Langford landed lefts and rights to the jaw so effectively , Walcott was bleeding by round two and continued bleeding more after every round .	0.617	continued bleeding more after	Langford	every round
Keibler then asked for time off to appear on `` Dancing with the Stars '' .	0.92	then asked for	Keibler	time
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .	0.708	will be have in	a loss	the first year
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .	0.607	will have a loss in	CBS	the first year
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .	0.549	will have	CBS	a loss
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .	0.855	has ruled out	Mr. Gorbachev	the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .	0.845	represented	The man	a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .	0.636	to be introduce into	a bit of les sportif	our itinerary
In Jewish belief , its fulfilment will be revealed in the cumulation of Creation , in the era of resurrection , in the physical World .	0.942	will be revealed in	its fulfilment	the cumulation of Creation
In Jewish belief , its fulfilment will be revealed in the cumulation of Creation , in the era of resurrection , in the physical World .	0.942	will be revealed in	its fulfilment	the era of resurrection
In Jewish belief , its fulfilment will be revealed in the cumulation of Creation , in the era of resurrection , in the physical World .	0.882	will be revealed in	its fulfilment	the physical World
In Jewish belief , its fulfilment will be revealed in the cumulation of Creation , in the era of resurrection , in the physical World .	0.846	will be revealed in	its fulfilment	Jewish belief
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .	0.792	sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to	it	Transgenic Sciences Inc.
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .	0.78	be sold to	most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary	Transgenic Sciences Inc.
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .	0.717	sold	it	most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .	0.666	be based in	a closely held biotechnology company	Worcester
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .	0.426	be based in	Worcester	Mass
A specialist is an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock .	0.802	is	A specialist	an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock
A specialist is an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock .	0.708	to be maintain in	a fair and orderly market	a specified stock
The natural sparkling waters of Duszniki are used in treatment of a variety of illnesses , including cardiac problems , gastrical problems .	0.888	are used gastrical problems in	The natural sparkling waters of Duszniki	treatment of a variety of illnesses
The natural sparkling waters of Duszniki are used in treatment of a variety of illnesses , including cardiac problems , gastrical problems .	0.851	are used gastrical problems including	The natural sparkling waters of Duszniki	cardiac problems
The natural sparkling waters of Duszniki are used in treatment of a variety of illnesses , including cardiac problems , gastrical problems .	0.659	are used	The natural sparkling waters of Duszniki	gastrical problems
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .	0.777	lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of	it	the company 's low levels of interest coverage
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .	0.75	lowered	it	the ratings
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .	0.706	be lowered because of	the ratings	the company 's low levels of interest coverage
Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery .	0.902	Then are put in	the fillets	a mix of olive oil
Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery .	0.39	be a mix of	garlic	olive oil
Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery .	0.39	be a mix of	sugar	olive oil
Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery .	0.39	be a mix of	vinegar	olive oil
The U.S. Highway intersects NC 124 in Crisp and NC 42 and NC 43 east of Pinetops , then parallels the Tar River to Tarboro .	0.516	intersects then	The U.S. Highway	NC 124
Instead of ablating the tissue , the laser cuts a portion of the prostate , which is then cut into smaller pieces and flushed with irrigation fluid .	0.747	cuts	the laser	a portion of the prostate
BNL previously reported that its Georgia branch had taken on loan commitments topping $ 3 billion without the Rome - based management 's approval .	0.836	had taken on	its Georgia branch	loan commitments topping $ 3 billion
BNL previously reported that its Georgia branch had taken on loan commitments topping $ 3 billion without the Rome - based management 's approval .	0.752	had taken on loan commitments topping $ 3 billion without	its Georgia branch	the Rome
People close to the GM - Jaguar talks agreed that Ford now may be able to shut out General Motors .	0.518	now may be	Ford	able
People close to the GM - Jaguar talks agreed that Ford now may be able to shut out General Motors .	0.458	to shut out	Ford	General Motors
A British version of this show was developed , known as `` Gladiators : Train 2 Win '' .	0.752	was developed	A British version of this show	Train 2 Win
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .	0.881	now has 60 chapters around	The committee formed in 1967	the world
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .	0.841	now has	The committee formed in 1967	60 chapters
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .	0.803	be formed in	The committee	1967
Joseph , also called `` Insta Maza '' , had started with the American Fur Company at age 16 , after accompanying his father from the age of 10 on his trips .	0.883	had started with	Insta Maza	the American Fur Company
Joseph , also called `` Insta Maza '' , had started with the American Fur Company at age 16 , after accompanying his father from the age of 10 on his trips .	0.855	be accompanying from	his father	the age of 10
Joseph , also called `` Insta Maza '' , had started with the American Fur Company at age 16 , after accompanying his father from the age of 10 on his trips .	0.8	had started at	Insta Maza	age 16
Joseph , also called `` Insta Maza '' , had started with the American Fur Company at age 16 , after accompanying his father from the age of 10 on his trips .	0.736	be accompanying on	his father	his trips
The volume allowed is based on the prototype ship 's displacement .	0.914	is based on	The volume allowed	the prototype ship 's displacement
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .	0.86	had has until	Investors , money managers and corporate officials	today to comment on the proposals
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .	0.775	has produced	the issue	more mail
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .	0.739	had has until	the issue	today to comment on the proposals
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .	0.648	has produced	Investors , money managers and corporate officials	more mail
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .	0.474	said	Mr. Lane	Investors , money managers and corporate officials
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .	0.382	said	Mr. Lane	the issue
Relegated from their first season , they return the following year as Yorkshire League Division Two Champions .	0.864	return	they	the following year
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .	0.852	produced	This system	boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying
The canopy itself was made of Plexiglas and each compartment had its own `` sliding hood '' for the two crew members .	0.904	was made of	The canopy	Plexiglas
The canopy itself was made of Plexiglas and each compartment had its own `` sliding hood '' for the two crew members .	0.833	had its own `` sliding hood '' for	each compartment	the two crew members
The canopy itself was made of Plexiglas and each compartment had its own `` sliding hood '' for the two crew members .	0.831	be had for	its own `` sliding hood	the two crew members
The canopy itself was made of Plexiglas and each compartment had its own `` sliding hood '' for the two crew members .	0.652	had	each compartment	its own `` sliding hood
The share price was languishing at about 400 pence before Ford 's Sept. 19 announcement of its interest in a minority stake .	0.816	was languishing at	The share price	about 400 pence
The share price was languishing at about 400 pence before Ford 's Sept. 19 announcement of its interest in a minority stake .	0.725	was languishing before	The share price	Ford 's Sept. 19 announcement of its interest
In a 2004 interview , Otto stated that she hopes she would never be as famous as fellow Australian actress Nicole Kidman because she is `` not sure could ever deal with that . ''	0.716	would never be as famous as	she	fellow Australian actress Nicole Kidman
In a 2004 interview , Otto stated that she hopes she would never be as famous as fellow Australian actress Nicole Kidman because she is `` not sure could ever deal with that . ''	0.667	stated in	Otto	a 2004 interview
In a 2004 interview , Otto stated that she hopes she would never be as famous as fellow Australian actress Nicole Kidman because she is `` not sure could ever deal with that . ''	0.467	would be as	she	never be as famous
Failure to perform the duty could lead to prosecution at law and re-enslavement .	0.861	could lead to	Failure to perform the duty	prosecution
From this point onwards , Tibetan Gelug lamas would no longer be invited to teach within his network .	0.742	would no longer be invited from	Tibetan Gelug lamas	this point
From this point onwards , Tibetan Gelug lamas would no longer be invited to teach within his network .	0.708	to teach within	Tibetan Gelug lamas	his network
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .	0.881	took	Nasser	control of the interior ministry post
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .	0.881	took control of the interior ministry post from	Nasser	Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .	0.839	to conclude	Naguib	the abolition of the monarchy
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .	0.724	be took from	control of the interior ministry post	Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .	0.711	took control of the interior ministry post in	Nasser	June
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .	0.645	be loyalist of	Sulayman Hafez	Naguib
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .	0.57	be loyalist for	Sulayman Hafez	Naguib
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .	0.529	be took in	control of the interior ministry post	June
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .	0.484	control	Nasser	the interior ministry post
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .	0.413	took control of the interior ministry post	Nasser	June
A large gravestone was erected in 1866 , over 100 years after his death .	0.911	was erected over	A large gravestone	100 years
A large gravestone was erected in 1866 , over 100 years after his death .	0.9	was erected in	A large gravestone	1866
She returns to stop Paul 's rampage , only to find that Invincible came first , and refusing to hear her pleas , wants to put Paul in jail .	0.772	to be put in	Paul	jail
She returns to stop Paul 's rampage , only to find that Invincible came first , and refusing to hear her pleas , wants to put Paul in jail .	0.699	wants to put Paul in	She	jail
She returns to stop Paul 's rampage , only to find that Invincible came first , and refusing to hear her pleas , wants to put Paul in jail .	0.691	returns to stop	She	Paul 's rampage
She returns to stop Paul 's rampage , only to find that Invincible came first , and refusing to hear her pleas , wants to put Paul in jail .	0.654	to put Paul in	She	jail
She returns to stop Paul 's rampage , only to find that Invincible came first , and refusing to hear her pleas , wants to put Paul in jail .	0.603	wants to put	She	Paul
She returns to stop Paul 's rampage , only to find that Invincible came first , and refusing to hear her pleas , wants to put Paul in jail .	0.316	refusing to hear	She	her pleas
The western end having two round towers flanking a tall central tower was unique in Britain .	0.561	having was unique in	two round towers flanking a tall central tower	Britain
The western end having two round towers flanking a tall central tower was unique in Britain .	0.53	having was	two round towers flanking a tall central tower	unique
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .	0.867	ties future charges for	the settlement	operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .	0.865	ties future charges to	the settlement	customers
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .	0.798	limits	the settlement	rate increases
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .	0.798	ties	the settlement	future charges
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .	0.736	ties future charges to	the settlement	that plant 's performance
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .	0.834	pursue their back - pay grievance before	the pilots	the arbitrator
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .	0.83	be pursue before	their back	the arbitrator
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .	0.761	issued	he	the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .	0.66	pursue	the pilots	their back
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .	0.624	be issued in	the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator	August
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .	0.405	issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator in	he	August
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .	0.728	noted on	Mr. Jennison	the other hand
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .	0.606	was halted in	the recent slide	yesterday
In 1977 she appeared in two television films , as the mother of Lesley Ann Warren 's character in `` 79 Park Avenue '' and as Emily McPhail in `` Tell Me My Name '' .	0.869	appeared as	she	the mother of Lesley Ann Warren 's character
In 1977 she appeared in two television films , as the mother of Lesley Ann Warren 's character in `` 79 Park Avenue '' and as Emily McPhail in `` Tell Me My Name '' .	0.806	appeared in	she	two television films
In 1977 she appeared in two television films , as the mother of Lesley Ann Warren 's character in `` 79 Park Avenue '' and as Emily McPhail in `` Tell Me My Name '' .	0.66	appeared in	she	1977
In 1977 she appeared in two television films , as the mother of Lesley Ann Warren 's character in `` 79 Park Avenue '' and as Emily McPhail in `` Tell Me My Name '' .	0.521	be Tell as	Me	Emily McPhail
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .	0.634	is moving	Congress	gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .	0.579	have worried with	GOP leaders	congressional elections
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .	0.436	is moving toward	gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers	a capital
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .	0.387	is moving gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers toward	Congress	a capital
Though this form of violence is often portrayed as an issue within the context of heterosexual relationships , it also occurs in lesbian relationships , daughter-mother relationships , roommate relationships and other domestic relationships involving two women .	0.886	is often portrayed as	this form of violence	an issue
Though this form of violence is often portrayed as an issue within the context of heterosexual relationships , it also occurs in lesbian relationships , daughter-mother relationships , roommate relationships and other domestic relationships involving two women .	0.799	also occurs in	it	lesbian relationships , daughter-mother relationships , roommate relationships and other domestic relationships involving two women
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over his role in the ouster of Graves .	0.898	filed an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over	Citizens	his role
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over his role in the ouster of Graves .	0.85	filed	Citizens	an Ethics Committee complaint
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over his role in the ouster of Graves .	0.747	be filed over	an Ethics Committee complaint	his role
Matt Busby himself was in hospital for two months recovering from multiple injuries .	0.925	was for	Matt Busby	two months recovering from multiple injuries
Matt Busby himself was in hospital for two months recovering from multiple injuries .	0.92	was in	Matt Busby	hospital
Matt Busby himself was in hospital for two months recovering from multiple injuries .	0.627	recovering from	two months	multiple injuries
In addition to comic-book illustration and coloring , Goldberg drew gag cartoons for men 's magazines and did advertising art including a billboard for No-Cal Soda .	0.881	drew gag cartoons for	Goldberg	men 's magazines
In addition to comic-book illustration and coloring , Goldberg drew gag cartoons for men 's magazines and did advertising art including a billboard for No-Cal Soda .	0.811	drew gag cartoons in	Goldberg	addition to comic-book illustration and coloring
In addition to comic-book illustration and coloring , Goldberg drew gag cartoons for men 's magazines and did advertising art including a billboard for No-Cal Soda .	0.808	drew	Goldberg	gag cartoons
In addition to comic-book illustration and coloring , Goldberg drew gag cartoons for men 's magazines and did advertising art including a billboard for No-Cal Soda .	0.741	did	Goldberg	advertising art
In addition to comic-book illustration and coloring , Goldberg drew gag cartoons for men 's magazines and did advertising art including a billboard for No-Cal Soda .	0.736	be drew for	gag cartoons	men 's magazines
In addition to comic-book illustration and coloring , Goldberg drew gag cartoons for men 's magazines and did advertising art including a billboard for No-Cal Soda .	0.677	be drew in	gag cartoons	addition to comic-book illustration and coloring
Fayette County then included land which makes up 37 present-day counties and portions of 7 others .	0.887	then included	Fayette County	land which makes up 37 present-day counties and portions of 7 others
Fayette County then included land which makes up 37 present-day counties and portions of 7 others .	0.559	be makes up by	37 present-day counties and portions of 7 others	land
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .	0.925	was supported to	the market	some extent
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .	0.868	was supported by	the market	a firmer pound
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .	0.799	to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in	gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers	100
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .	0.798	to cover	gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers	internal requirements
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .	0.658	to be cover in	internal requirements	100
Nevertheless , an ability to read or write music is not a requirement to compose music .	0.781	Nevertheless is	an ability to read or write music	not a requirement to compose music
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .	0.934	was 136,000 tons at	The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks	the end of April
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .	0.79	was	The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks	136,000 tons
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .	0.55	be The high point of	136,000 tons	foreigners ' copper stocks
Additionally , Mark composed verses celebrating the lives and achievements of his heroes , such as Joseph Bryennios .	0.663	Additionally composed	Mark	verses celebrating the lives and achievements of his heroes , such as Joseph Bryennios
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .	0.794	be carefully cut away at	a woman 's spinal tumor	the Cleveland Clinic
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .	0.778	be carefully cut away in	a woman 's spinal tumor	1978
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .	0.775	carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at	neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues	the Cleveland Clinic
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .	0.712	carefully cut away	neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues	a woman 's spinal tumor
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .	0.709	carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor in	neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues	1978
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .	0.832	are still alive despite	uninvited takeovers	premature reports of their demise
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .	0.287	reports of	premature	their demise
In 1005 for example , the governor of the important Adriatic port of Dyrrhachium had surrendered the town to Basil II .	0.8	had surrendered the town to	the governor of the important Adriatic port of Dyrrhachium	Basil II
In 1005 for example , the governor of the important Adriatic port of Dyrrhachium had surrendered the town to Basil II .	0.789	be port of	Adriatic	Dyrrhachium
In 1005 for example , the governor of the important Adriatic port of Dyrrhachium had surrendered the town to Basil II .	0.775	had surrendered	the governor of the important Adriatic port of Dyrrhachium	the town
In 1005 for example , the governor of the important Adriatic port of Dyrrhachium had surrendered the town to Basil II .	0.648	had surrendered the town in	the governor of the important Adriatic port of Dyrrhachium	1005
In 1005 for example , the governor of the important Adriatic port of Dyrrhachium had surrendered the town to Basil II .	0.259	had surrendered the town for	the governor of the important Adriatic port of Dyrrhachium	example
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	0.875	surged 2 3\/4 on	It	volume of more than 1.7 million shares
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	0.864	surged 2 3\/4 to	It	6
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	0.851	be surged on	2 3\/4	volume of more than 1.7 million shares
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	0.801	be surged to	2 3\/4	6
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	0.761	surged	It	2 3\/4
When BrdU is integrated into DNA , it is supposed that the bromine deforms the minor groove so that Hoechst dyes can not reach their optimal binding site .	0.736	is integrated into	BrdU	DNA
When BrdU is integrated into DNA , it is supposed that the bromine deforms the minor groove so that Hoechst dyes can not reach their optimal binding site .	0.648	deforms	the bromine	the minor groove
When BrdU is integrated into DNA , it is supposed that the bromine deforms the minor groove so that Hoechst dyes can not reach their optimal binding site .	0.604	can not reach	Hoechst dyes	their optimal binding site
Belfast , located at the western end of Belfast Lough and at the mouth of the River Lagan , was an ideal location for the shipbuilding industry , which was dominated by the Harland and Wolff company which alone employed up to 35,000 workers and was one of the largest shipbuilders in the world .	0.907	was an ideal location for	Belfast	the shipbuilding industry which was dominated by the Harland and Wolff company
Belfast , located at the western end of Belfast Lough and at the mouth of the River Lagan , was an ideal location for the shipbuilding industry , which was dominated by the Harland and Wolff company which alone employed up to 35,000 workers and was one of the largest shipbuilders in the world .	0.862	be located at	Belfast	the western end of Belfast Lough and at the mouth of the River Lagan
Belfast , located at the western end of Belfast Lough and at the mouth of the River Lagan , was an ideal location for the shipbuilding industry , which was dominated by the Harland and Wolff company which alone employed up to 35,000 workers and was one of the largest shipbuilders in the world .	0.676	was	Belfast	an ideal location
In one instance , Japanese police in the village of Jeam-ri , Hwaseong herded everyone into a church , locked it , and burned it to the ground .	0.866	herded everyone into	Japanese police	a church
In one instance , Japanese police in the village of Jeam-ri , Hwaseong herded everyone into a church , locked it , and burned it to the ground .	0.824	herded	Japanese police	everyone
In one instance , Japanese police in the village of Jeam-ri , Hwaseong herded everyone into a church , locked it , and burned it to the ground .	0.804	burned it to	Japanese police	the ground
In one instance , Japanese police in the village of Jeam-ri , Hwaseong herded everyone into a church , locked it , and burned it to the ground .	0.779	be herded into	everyone	a church
In one instance , Japanese police in the village of Jeam-ri , Hwaseong herded everyone into a church , locked it , and burned it to the ground .	0.751	herded everyone in	Japanese police	one instance
In one instance , Japanese police in the village of Jeam-ri , Hwaseong herded everyone into a church , locked it , and burned it to the ground .	0.735	be burned to	it	the ground
In one instance , Japanese police in the village of Jeam-ri , Hwaseong herded everyone into a church , locked it , and burned it to the ground .	0.624	burned	Japanese police	it
In one instance , Japanese police in the village of Jeam-ri , Hwaseong herded everyone into a church , locked it , and burned it to the ground .	0.531	locked	Japanese police	it
In one instance , Japanese police in the village of Jeam-ri , Hwaseong herded everyone into a church , locked it , and burned it to the ground .	0.453	be herded in	everyone	one instance
Finally , Mitsubishi Estate has no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board .	0.825	Finally has	Mitsubishi Estate	no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board
Thus , acquisition of quantitative heavy-element spectra can be time-consuming , taking tens of minutes to hours .	0.703	Thus can be	acquisition of quantitative heavy-element spectra	time-consuming
Thus , acquisition of quantitative heavy-element spectra can be time-consuming , taking tens of minutes to hours .	0.662	be taking to	tens of minutes	hours
Thus , acquisition of quantitative heavy-element spectra can be time-consuming , taking tens of minutes to hours .	0.386	be acquisition of	time-consuming	quantitative heavy-element spectra
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .	0.751	agreed to hear	the court	the case
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .	0.689	to hear	the court	the case
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .	0.568	will delay	the move	its Chapter 11 proceedings
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .	0.523	said in	LTV	Dallas
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .	0.407	said to	Dallas	LTV
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .	0.239	said	LTV	Dallas
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	0.802	co-opted	scam websites	a photograph of her to promote health treatments
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	0.77	was initially	Theuriau	unaware
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	0.708	co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments in	scam websites	2010
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	0.658	be co-opted in	a photograph of her to promote health treatments	2010
On-screen lesbian sex , while typically aimed at a male audience , has developed a small lesbian audience as well , but still contrasts with gay male pornography , which is considered a genre of its own .	0.628	has developed as well	On-screen lesbian sex	a small lesbian audience
A spectrum from a single FID has a low signal-to-noise ratio , but fortunately it improves readily with averaging of repeated acquisitions .	0.748	fortunately improves readily with	it	averaging of repeated acquisitions
A spectrum from a single FID has a low signal-to-noise ratio , but fortunately it improves readily with averaging of repeated acquisitions .	0.692	has	A spectrum	a low signal-to-noise ratio
Kstovo was granted urban-type settlement status in 1954 and town status in 1957 .	0.935	was granted urban-type settlement status in	Kstovo	1954 and town status
Kstovo was granted urban-type settlement status in 1954 and town status in 1957 .	0.926	was granted urban-type settlement status in	Kstovo	1957
Kstovo was granted urban-type settlement status in 1954 and town status in 1957 .	0.805	was granted	Kstovo	urban-type settlement status
Finding that the ` X ' he defeats is only a mere copy , Zero destroys him and a huge explosion follows with Zero managing to escape .	0.551	is only	the ` X	a mere copy Zero destroys him and a huge explosion follows with Zero managing to escape
Finding that the ` X ' he defeats is only a mere copy , Zero destroys him and a huge explosion follows with Zero managing to escape .	0.472	destroys a huge explosion follows with Zero managing to escape	Zero	him
Finding that the ` X ' he defeats is only a mere copy , Zero destroys him and a huge explosion follows with Zero managing to escape .	0.17	destroys a huge explosion follows with Zero managing to be escape by	him	a mere copy
`` I ca n't do anything score - wise , but I like meeting the girls . ''	0.626	ca n't do	I	anything score
However , he was attacked by the Guardians of the Universe , angry at being impotent during his first war .	0.894	However was attacked by	he	the Guardians of the Universe , angry
However , he was attacked by the Guardians of the Universe , angry at being impotent during his first war .	0.752	However was attacked at	he	impotent
However , he was attacked by the Guardians of the Universe , angry at being impotent during his first war .	0.666	However was attacked during	he	his first war
It may attain 83 cm in total length , tail 20 cm .	0.691	may attain 83 cm in total length	It	tail 20 cm
It may attain 83 cm in total length , tail 20 cm .	0.583	may attain tail 20 cm	It	83 cm
The Academy offered classes that taught the German language and literature , as well as English .	0.792	offered	The Academy	classes that taught the German language and literature
The Academy offered classes that taught the German language and literature , as well as English .	0.763	offered classes that taught the German language and literature in	The Academy	English
In 1975 Barrie was directed by Lee Grant in the television movie `` For The Use Of The Hall '' as `` Charlotte '' .	0.926	was directed by	Barrie	Lee Grant
In 1975 Barrie was directed by Lee Grant in the television movie `` For The Use Of The Hall '' as `` Charlotte '' .	0.879	was directed in	Barrie	the television movie
In 1975 Barrie was directed by Lee Grant in the television movie `` For The Use Of The Hall '' as `` Charlotte '' .	0.771	was directed in	Barrie	1975
The arena hosts shows in music and comedy , sporting events including world championship boxing , tennis , basketball and rodeo events , and corporate meetings , celebrity charity fundraisers and exhibitions .	0.696	hosts shows in music and comedy	The arena	celebrity charity fundraisers and exhibitions
The arena hosts shows in music and comedy , sporting events including world championship boxing , tennis , basketball and rodeo events , and corporate meetings , celebrity charity fundraisers and exhibitions .	0.69	rodeo	The arena	events
The arena hosts shows in music and comedy , sporting events including world championship boxing , tennis , basketball and rodeo events , and corporate meetings , celebrity charity fundraisers and exhibitions .	0.584	hosts celebrity charity fundraisers	The arena	shows
The arena hosts shows in music and comedy , sporting events including world championship boxing , tennis , basketball and rodeo events , and corporate meetings , celebrity charity fundraisers and exhibitions .	0.584	hosts exhibitions	The arena	shows
The arena hosts shows in music and comedy , sporting events including world championship boxing , tennis , basketball and rodeo events , and corporate meetings , celebrity charity fundraisers and exhibitions .	0.534	hosts shows in music and comedy sporting	The arena	events
The arena hosts shows in music and comedy , sporting events including world championship boxing , tennis , basketball and rodeo events , and corporate meetings , celebrity charity fundraisers and exhibitions .	0.398	be events including	basketball	world championship boxing
The arena hosts shows in music and comedy , sporting events including world championship boxing , tennis , basketball and rodeo events , and corporate meetings , celebrity charity fundraisers and exhibitions .	0.398	be events including	tennis	world championship boxing
The arena hosts shows in music and comedy , sporting events including world championship boxing , tennis , basketball and rodeo events , and corporate meetings , celebrity charity fundraisers and exhibitions .	0.366	hosts celebrity charity fundraisers sporting	The arena	events
The arena hosts shows in music and comedy , sporting events including world championship boxing , tennis , basketball and rodeo events , and corporate meetings , celebrity charity fundraisers and exhibitions .	0.366	hosts exhibitions sporting	The arena	events
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .	0.95	wanted to wait for	they	the outcome of any government investigation
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .	0.911	to wait for	they	the outcome of any government investigation
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .	0.73	said	They	they
Byers states that global citizenship is a `` powerful term '' because `` people that invoke it do so to provoke and justify action , '' and encourages the attendees of his lecture to re-appropriate it in order for its meaning to have a positive purpose , based on idealistic values .	0.829	be based on	a positive purpose	idealistic values
Byers states that global citizenship is a `` powerful term '' because `` people that invoke it do so to provoke and justify action , '' and encourages the attendees of his lecture to re-appropriate it in order for its meaning to have a positive purpose , based on idealistic values .	0.691	is	that global citizenship	a `` powerful term
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .	0.518	is considering	it	several ways to ease a liquidity crunch
Lyubov Speranskaya has become famous scenographic producer and master of scenic and national clothes .	0.887	has master of	Lyubov Speranskaya	scenic and national clothes
The diocese was originally erected as the Prefecture Apostolic of Hpyeng-yang on 17 March 1927 , and renamed as the Prefecture Apostolic of Peng-yang on 17 March 1929 .	0.945	was originally erected as	The diocese	the Prefecture Apostolic of Hpyeng-yang
The diocese was originally erected as the Prefecture Apostolic of Hpyeng-yang on 17 March 1927 , and renamed as the Prefecture Apostolic of Peng-yang on 17 March 1929 .	0.785	renamed as	The diocese	the Prefecture Apostolic of Peng-yang
On October 8 , 2007 on `` Monday Night Football '' , he intercepted Tony Romo and returned it for a touchdown in his first NFL start .	0.859	returned it for	he	a touchdown
On October 8 , 2007 on `` Monday Night Football '' , he intercepted Tony Romo and returned it for a touchdown in his first NFL start .	0.832	returned it for	2007	a touchdown
On October 8 , 2007 on `` Monday Night Football '' , he intercepted Tony Romo and returned it for a touchdown in his first NFL start .	0.74	intercepted	2007	Tony Romo
On October 8 , 2007 on `` Monday Night Football '' , he intercepted Tony Romo and returned it for a touchdown in his first NFL start .	0.718	be returned for	it	a touchdown
On October 8 , 2007 on `` Monday Night Football '' , he intercepted Tony Romo and returned it for a touchdown in his first NFL start .	0.695	intercepted Tony Romo on	2007	October 8
On October 8 , 2007 on `` Monday Night Football '' , he intercepted Tony Romo and returned it for a touchdown in his first NFL start .	0.693	returned	he	it
On October 8 , 2007 on `` Monday Night Football '' , he intercepted Tony Romo and returned it for a touchdown in his first NFL start .	0.653	intercepted	he	Tony Romo
On October 8 , 2007 on `` Monday Night Football '' , he intercepted Tony Romo and returned it for a touchdown in his first NFL start .	0.632	returned	2007	it
On October 8 , 2007 on `` Monday Night Football '' , he intercepted Tony Romo and returned it for a touchdown in his first NFL start .	0.601	intercepted Tony Romo on	he	October 8
On October 8 , 2007 on `` Monday Night Football '' , he intercepted Tony Romo and returned it for a touchdown in his first NFL start .	0.419	be intercepted on	Tony Romo	October 8
The brightest star in Serpens , Alpha Serpentis , or Unukalhai , is a red giant of spectral type K2III located approximately away which marks the snake 's heart .	0.926	is a red giant of	The brightest star	spectral type K2III
The brightest star in Serpens , Alpha Serpentis , or Unukalhai , is a red giant of spectral type K2III located approximately away which marks the snake 's heart .	0.768	is	The brightest star	a red giant of spectral type K2III
The brightest star in Serpens , Alpha Serpentis , or Unukalhai , is a red giant of spectral type K2III located approximately away which marks the snake 's heart .	0.484	be The brightest star in	a red giant of spectral type K2III	Serpens , Alpha Serpentis , or Unukalhai
Pan American Bank 's mission is to transform and empower Latino communities through banking relationships built on trust , service , respect , communication and guidance .	0.701	is to empower Latino communities through	Pan American Bank 's mission	banking relationships
Pan American Bank 's mission is to transform and empower Latino communities through banking relationships built on trust , service , respect , communication and guidance .	0.679	is to empower	Pan American Bank 's mission	Latino communities
Pan American Bank 's mission is to transform and empower Latino communities through banking relationships built on trust , service , respect , communication and guidance .	0.656	to empower Latino communities through	Pan American Bank 's mission	banking relationships
Pan American Bank 's mission is to transform and empower Latino communities through banking relationships built on trust , service , respect , communication and guidance .	0.644	to be empower through	Latino communities	banking relationships
The original architecture provides a beautiful setting that attracts shoppers to its businesses .	0.816	provides	The original architecture	a beautiful setting that attracts shoppers to its businesses
The original architecture provides a beautiful setting that attracts shoppers to its businesses .	0.765	attracts shoppers to	a beautiful setting	its businesses
The original architecture provides a beautiful setting that attracts shoppers to its businesses .	0.564	be attracts by	shoppers	a beautiful setting
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .	0.834	would invest in	the company	the transaction
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .	0.62	is too	it	early
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .	0.89	was led by	Nasdaq 's gain	its biggest industrial stocks
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .	0.827	however will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month to	Avery	a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .	0.814	however will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for	Avery	management services
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .	0.693	be controlled by	a company	Messrs. Peltz and May
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .	0.581	however will continue for	Avery	the next six months
Bremen has a long-standing tradition of fine organ music since 1526 .	0.866	has a long-standing tradition of fine organ music since	Bremen	1526
Bremen has a long-standing tradition of fine organ music since 1526 .	0.835	has	Bremen	a long-standing tradition of fine organ music
With no assigned task , the Cosmos expressed concern for what Battra might do .	0.773	expressed	the Cosmos	concern
With no assigned task , the Cosmos expressed concern for what Battra might do .	0.695	expressed concern for what Battra might do with	the Cosmos	no assigned task
With no assigned task , the Cosmos expressed concern for what Battra might do .	0.493	be expressed with	concern	no assigned task
These beams stem from a cosmic energy source called the `` Omega Effect '' .	0.794	stem from	These beams	a cosmic energy source
Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436 comprises ten leaves of vellum , measuring , in an 18th-century binding .	0.825	comprises	Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436	ten leaves of vellum
Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436 comprises ten leaves of vellum , measuring , in an 18th-century binding .	0.689	comprises ten leaves of vellum measuring in	Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436	an 18th-century binding
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .	0.925	broke through	Afghanistan 's troops	a guerrilla blockade
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .	0.881	to reach Kabul after	trucks carrying food and other necessities	a missile attack
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .	0.812	to reach	trucks carrying food and other necessities	Kabul
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .	0.798	to be reach after	Kabul	a missile attack
The Crybaby is the twelfth album by Melvins , released in 2000 through Ipecac Recordings , and the last part of a trilogy : `` The Maggot , '' `` The Bootlicker '' and `` The Crybaby . ''	0.911	is the twelfth album by	The Crybaby	Melvins
The Crybaby is the twelfth album by Melvins , released in 2000 through Ipecac Recordings , and the last part of a trilogy : `` The Maggot , '' `` The Bootlicker '' and `` The Crybaby . ''	0.793	is	The Crybaby	the twelfth album by Melvins , released in 2000 through Ipecac Recordings , and the last part of a trilogy
The Crybaby is the twelfth album by Melvins , released in 2000 through Ipecac Recordings , and the last part of a trilogy : `` The Maggot , '' `` The Bootlicker '' and `` The Crybaby . ''	0.655	be the last part of	The Crybaby	a trilogy
The Crybaby is the twelfth album by Melvins , released in 2000 through Ipecac Recordings , and the last part of a trilogy : `` The Maggot , '' `` The Bootlicker '' and `` The Crybaby . ''	0.237	be part of	last	a trilogy
The championship was at the Pinehurst Resort where Stewart won his last major championship only a few months before his death .	0.87	was at	The championship	the Pinehurst Resort
The championship was at the Pinehurst Resort where Stewart won his last major championship only a few months before his death .	0.847	won his last major championship before	Stewart	his death
The championship was at the Pinehurst Resort where Stewart won his last major championship only a few months before his death .	0.79	be won before	his last major championship	his death
The championship was at the Pinehurst Resort where Stewart won his last major championship only a few months before his death .	0.687	won	Stewart	his last major championship
The spare apparatus fleet comprises six spare engines , three spare ladders , one spare tac , and three spare district chief 's units .	0.782	comprises	The spare apparatus fleet	six spare engines , three spare ladders , one spare tac , and three spare district chief 's units
In the municipal government , one councillor is drawn from each of these wards , while the mayor and two additional councillors are elected by the people at large .	0.886	are elected by	the mayor and two additional councillors	the people
In the municipal government , one councillor is drawn from each of these wards , while the mayor and two additional councillors are elected by the people at large .	0.838	are elected at	the mayor and two additional councillors	large
In the municipal government , one councillor is drawn from each of these wards , while the mayor and two additional councillors are elected by the people at large .	0.754	is drawn in	one councillor	the municipal government
His recent work has been associated with the Bizarro Fiction movement , of which he is one of the leading proponents .	0.926	has been associated with	His recent work	the Bizarro Fiction movement
His recent work has been associated with the Bizarro Fiction movement , of which he is one of the leading proponents .	0.673	is	he	one of the leading proponents
It involved the application of materials from smallpox sufferers in order to immunize others .	0.816	involved	It	the application of materials
In 1636 , Roger Williams , after being banished from the Massachusetts Bay Colony for his religious views , settled at the tip of Narragansett Bay , on land granted to him by the Narragansett tribe .	0.823	be settled at	his religious views	the tip of Narragansett Bay
In 1636 , Roger Williams , after being banished from the Massachusetts Bay Colony for his religious views , settled at the tip of Narragansett Bay , on land granted to him by the Narragansett tribe .	0.574	be granted by	land	the Narragansett tribe
In 1636 , Roger Williams , after being banished from the Massachusetts Bay Colony for his religious views , settled at the tip of Narragansett Bay , on land granted to him by the Narragansett tribe .	0.526	be granted to	land	him
This policy was , however , opposed by the miners who demanded that the inspections be carried out by experienced colliers .	0.925	be however opposed by	This policy	the miners who demanded that the inspections be carried out by experienced colliers
This policy was , however , opposed by the miners who demanded that the inspections be carried out by experienced colliers .	0.894	be carried out by	the inspections	experienced colliers
Baako 's grandmother Naana , a blind-seer , stands in living contact with the ancestors .	0.696	be grandmother of	Naana	Baako
Baako 's grandmother Naana , a blind-seer , stands in living contact with the ancestors .	0.426	be grandmother Naana of	a blind-seer	Baako
Indian Maoists are known as Naxalites in reference to a popular uprising that began decades ago centered in the village of Naxalbari .	0.919	are known as	Indian Maoists	Naxalites
Indian Maoists are known as Naxalites in reference to a popular uprising that began decades ago centered in the village of Naxalbari .	0.788	to centered in	a popular uprising that began decades ago	the village of Naxalbari
Indian Maoists are known as Naxalites in reference to a popular uprising that began decades ago centered in the village of Naxalbari .	0.788	to centered in	reference	the village of Naxalbari
The Lletty Shenkin explosion of 1849 , in particular , led to demands the local middle classes in Aberdare , for improved safety in the mines .	0.9	led to	The Lletty Shenkin explosion of 1849	demands
The Lletty Shenkin explosion of 1849 , in particular , led to demands the local middle classes in Aberdare , for improved safety in the mines .	0.87	led in	The Lletty Shenkin explosion of 1849	particular
Executions , regardless of how frequently they occur , are also `` proper retribution '' for heinous crimes , Mr. Hatch argues .	0.742	regardless of how frequently they occur are also proper retribution for	Executions	heinous crimes
After leaving `` Hex '' , Cole went on to appear as Blanche Ingram in the critically acclaimed `` Jane Eyre '' TV serial for the BBC and guest starred as Lilith in the `` Doctor Who '' episode `` The Shakespeare Code '' .	0.791	starred as	Jane Eyre '' TV serial for the BBC and guest	Lilith
After leaving `` Hex '' , Cole went on to appear as Blanche Ingram in the critically acclaimed `` Jane Eyre '' TV serial for the BBC and guest starred as Lilith in the `` Doctor Who '' episode `` The Shakespeare Code '' .	0.753	starred in	Jane Eyre '' TV serial for the BBC and guest	the `` Doctor Who '' episode
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .	0.889	must pass	lawmakers	legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .	0.696	must be pass by	legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion	next Wednesday
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .	0.58	must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by	lawmakers	next Wednesday
He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1948 Queen 's Birthday Honours and was knighted in the 1953 Coronation Honours .	0.779	was knighted in	He	the 1953 Coronation Honours
He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1948 Queen 's Birthday Honours and was knighted in the 1953 Coronation Honours .	0.765	was appointed	He	Commander of the Order of the British Empire
He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1948 Queen 's Birthday Honours and was knighted in the 1953 Coronation Honours .	0.732	was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in	He	the 1948 Queen 's Birthday Honours
He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1948 Queen 's Birthday Honours and was knighted in the 1953 Coronation Honours .	0.64	be Commander of	He	the Order of the British Empire
Of the self - starting vacuum cleaner , he says : `` Could be Cuddles , { Mrs. Stinnett 's dog } . ''	0.475	says of	he	the self
Of the self - starting vacuum cleaner , he says : `` Could be Cuddles , { Mrs. Stinnett 's dog } . ''	0.422	be dog } of	Cuddles	{ Mrs. Stinnett
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .	0.815	to show	The employment report which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October	smaller gains
The next night , Necro saved Candice from humiliation at the hands of Tornado before engaging in a Necro Rules Match against Claudio .	0.921	saved Candice at	Necro	the hands of Tornado
The next night , Necro saved Candice from humiliation at the hands of Tornado before engaging in a Necro Rules Match against Claudio .	0.916	saved Candice from	Necro	humiliation
The next night , Necro saved Candice from humiliation at the hands of Tornado before engaging in a Necro Rules Match against Claudio .	0.863	be saved at	Candice	the hands of Tornado
The next night , Necro saved Candice from humiliation at the hands of Tornado before engaging in a Necro Rules Match against Claudio .	0.83	saved	Necro	Candice
The next night , Necro saved Candice from humiliation at the hands of Tornado before engaging in a Necro Rules Match against Claudio .	0.819	be saved from	Candice	humiliation
The next night , Necro saved Candice from humiliation at the hands of Tornado before engaging in a Necro Rules Match against Claudio .	0.676	saved Candice in	Necro	The next night
He talked to McGee about using his name and received permission , which is confirmed by correspondence between McGee and his family .	0.856	talked to	He	McGee
He talked to McGee about using his name and received permission , which is confirmed by correspondence between McGee and his family .	0.771	received	He	permission which is confirmed by correspondence between McGee and his family
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .	0.759	won	Fujitsu	the contract
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .	0.757	would do the job for	it	free
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .	0.719	submitted	Eight companies	bids
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .	0.711	would do	it	the job
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .	0.708	would be do for	the job	free
Earlier this year , President Bush made a final `` take - it - or - leave it '' offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job .	0.729	made	President Bush	an increase
Earlier this year , President Bush made a final `` take - it - or - leave it '' offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job .	0.197	made an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job in	President Bush	this year
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .	0.869	aired in	it	the third and fourth games
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .	0.811	limited its losses in	ABC	anticipation of a four - game sweep
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .	0.761	be limited in	its losses	anticipation of a four - game sweep
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .	0.537	limited	ABC	its losses
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company .	0.841	retained	it	the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc.
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company .	0.693	be a merger of	debt refinancing	the company
It was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday .	0.909	were traded by	6.5 million of which	midday
It was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday .	0.814	was the most active of	It	the 100 - share index
It was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday .	0.72	was	It	the most active of the 100 - share index
It was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday .	0.654	was the most active at	It	8.3 million shares
Between flashes , certain areas in subjects ' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator .	0.914	are jolted with	certain areas	a magnetic stimulator
Between flashes , certain areas in subjects ' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator .	0.754	are jolted between	certain areas	flashes
Wynne married Mary Ellen McCabe , daughter of a wealthy construction contractor .	0.779	married	Wynne	Mary Ellen McCabe
Wynne married Mary Ellen McCabe , daughter of a wealthy construction contractor .	0.663	be daughter of	Mary Ellen McCabe	a wealthy construction contractor
It is also envisaged that because of the town 's proximity to Berlin and Potsdam , for example , and the development of high quality recreational facilities , Premnitz may be considered as a good place to live and commute to work , as an alternative to living in the city .	0.95	may be considered as	Premnitz	a good place to live and commute to work , as an alternative to living in the city
It is also envisaged that because of the town 's proximity to Berlin and Potsdam , for example , and the development of high quality recreational facilities , Premnitz may be considered as a good place to live and commute to work , as an alternative to living in the city .	0.824	may be considered for	Premnitz	example , and the development of high quality recreational facilities
It is also envisaged that because of the town 's proximity to Berlin and Potsdam , for example , and the development of high quality recreational facilities , Premnitz may be considered as a good place to live and commute to work , as an alternative to living in the city .	0.764	may be considered development	Premnitz	example , and the development of high quality recreational facilities
It is also envisaged that because of the town 's proximity to Berlin and Potsdam , for example , and the development of high quality recreational facilities , Premnitz may be considered as a good place to live and commute to work , as an alternative to living in the city .	0.753	may be considered because of	Premnitz	the town 's proximity
In 2009 , June Browne Newton conceptualised a tribute exhibition to Helmut based around three photographers who had trained extensively under Helmut : Mark Arbeit , Just Loomis , and George Holz .	0.896	conceptualised	June Browne Newton	a tribute exhibition based around three photographers
In 2009 , June Browne Newton conceptualised a tribute exhibition to Helmut based around three photographers who had trained extensively under Helmut : Mark Arbeit , Just Loomis , and George Holz .	0.85	be based around	a tribute exhibition	three photographers who had trained extensively under Helmut : Mark Arbeit , Just Loomis , and George Holz
In 2009 , June Browne Newton conceptualised a tribute exhibition to Helmut based around three photographers who had trained extensively under Helmut : Mark Arbeit , Just Loomis , and George Holz .	0.565	be conceptualised in	a tribute exhibition based around three photographers	2009
In 2009 , June Browne Newton conceptualised a tribute exhibition to Helmut based around three photographers who had trained extensively under Helmut : Mark Arbeit , Just Loomis , and George Holz .	0.51	conceptualised a tribute exhibition to Helmut based around three photographers who had trained extensively under Helmut : Mark Arbeit , Just Loomis , and George Holz in	June Browne Newton	2009
He called the site `` Providence '' and declared it a place of religious freedom .	0.792	declared it	He	a place of religious freedom
He called the site `` Providence '' and declared it a place of religious freedom .	0.685	called	He	the site `` Providence
She published more than 15 research publications , including International Journals , International Conferences , National Conferences , workshops and seminars .	0.793	published	She	than 15 research publications
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	0.925	is fully reflected in	The culture of Bhutan	the capital city
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	0.39	be respect of	customs	literature
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	0.39	be the monastic practices of	dance	the monasteries
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	0.39	be the monastic practices of	literature	the monasteries
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	0.39	be the monastic practices of	music	the monasteries
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	0.39	be respect of	religion	literature
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .	0.723	like	Employees	the option
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .	0.685	's too	it	tough
According to the South Koreans , many Koreans became victims of Japanese brutalities during the colonial period .	0.946	became victims of	many Koreans	Japanese brutalities
According to the South Koreans , many Koreans became victims of Japanese brutalities during the colonial period .	0.924	became victims of Japanese brutalities during	many Koreans	the colonial period
According to the South Koreans , many Koreans became victims of Japanese brutalities during the colonial period .	0.854	became	many Koreans	victims of Japanese brutalities
Poulidor said his indifference to the controls and the strike harmed his relations with fellow riders .	0.922	harmed his relations with	his indifference to the controls and the strike	fellow riders
Poulidor said his indifference to the controls and the strike harmed his relations with fellow riders .	0.838	harmed	his indifference to the controls and the strike	his relations
Poulidor said his indifference to the controls and the strike harmed his relations with fellow riders .	0.831	be harmed with	his relations	fellow riders
The show was designed to appear as if the viewer was channel surfing through a multi-channel wasteland , happening upon spoof adverts , short sketches , and recurring show elements .	0.657	was designed	The show	recurring show elements
The show was designed to appear as if the viewer was channel surfing through a multi-channel wasteland , happening upon spoof adverts , short sketches , and recurring show elements .	0.358	was channel surfing through	the viewer	a multi-channel wasteland
The show was designed to appear as if the viewer was channel surfing through a multi-channel wasteland , happening upon spoof adverts , short sketches , and recurring show elements .	0.162	was	the viewer	channel surfing
Recently , OnStar has changed its terms and conditions to allow sale of vehicle location and speeds to interested third parties including law enforcement agencies , which has been criticized in the comp.risks forum .	0.75	Recently has changed conditions to allow	OnStar	sale of vehicle location
Recently , OnStar has changed its terms and conditions to allow sale of vehicle location and speeds to interested third parties including law enforcement agencies , which has been criticized in the comp.risks forum .	0.75	Recently has changed its terms to allow	OnStar	sale of vehicle location
Recently , OnStar has changed its terms and conditions to allow sale of vehicle location and speeds to interested third parties including law enforcement agencies , which has been criticized in the comp.risks forum .	0.707	Recently has changed	OnStar	its terms and conditions
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .	0.728	now makes up	The segment	roughly two
Darwin came into residence in Cambridge on 26 January 1828 , and matriculated at the University 's Senate House on 26 February .	0.92	came into	Darwin	residence
Darwin came into residence in Cambridge on 26 January 1828 , and matriculated at the University 's Senate House on 26 February .	0.853	matriculated at	Darwin	the University 's Senate House
Darwin came into residence in Cambridge on 26 January 1828 , and matriculated at the University 's Senate House on 26 February .	0.795	matriculated on	Darwin	26 February
Darwin came into residence in Cambridge on 26 January 1828 , and matriculated at the University 's Senate House on 26 February .	0.666	came to	Darwin	residence
In 1911 , with Francis La Flesche , she published `` The Omaha Tribe '' .	0.672	published	she	The Omaha Tribe
In 1911 , with Francis La Flesche , she published `` The Omaha Tribe '' .	0.601	published `` The Omaha Tribe '' in	she	1911
In 1911 , with Francis La Flesche , she published `` The Omaha Tribe '' .	0.581	published `` The Omaha Tribe '' with	she	Francis La Flesche
In 1911 , with Francis La Flesche , she published `` The Omaha Tribe '' .	0.55	be published in	The Omaha Tribe	1911
In 1911 , with Francis La Flesche , she published `` The Omaha Tribe '' .	0.529	be published with	The Omaha Tribe	Francis La Flesche
In 1911 , with Francis La Flesche , she published `` The Omaha Tribe '' .	0.302	published `` The Omaha Tribe ''	she	1911
There have been two crashes involving fatalities at the airfield since it was established .	0.758	involving fatalities at	two crashes	the airfield
There have been two crashes involving fatalities at the airfield since it was established .	0.707	be involving at	fatalities	the airfield
The 41 - year - old Mr. Azoff , a former rock 'n' roll manager , is credited with turning around MCA 's once - moribund music division in his six years at the company .	0.687	be turning around in	MCA 's once - moribund music division	his six years
But there are two separate words which function as pronouns : `` aya '' `` I , me '' and `` nihi '' `` you '' .	0.781	function as	two separate words	pronouns
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .	0.799	to trim some yields in	underwriters	the tax
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .	0.789	to trim some yields	underwriters	exempt portion of the offering
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .	0.681	to trim exempt portion of the offering late Monday in	underwriters	the tax
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .	0.68	to trim exempt portion of the offering late Monday	underwriters	some yields
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .	0.574	was enough	Demand	strong
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .	0.486	to be trim exempt portion of the offering late Monday in	some yields	the tax
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .	0.485	to be trim some yields in	exempt portion of the offering	the tax
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .	0.261	be Demand for	strong	the bonds
They can be relieved only by changing that system , not by pouring Western money into it .	0.522	be pouring into	Western money	it
Hiester was born in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania on July 17 , 1749 , the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester .	0.723	was born the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester on	Hiester	July 17 , 1749
Hiester was born in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania on July 17 , 1749 , the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester .	0.705	was born the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester in	Hiester	Montgomery County
Hiester was born in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania on July 17 , 1749 , the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester .	0.664	was born	Hiester	the son of German immigrants Daniel
Hiester was born in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania on July 17 , 1749 , the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester .	0.503	be the son of	Hiester	German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester
Hiester was born in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania on July 17 , 1749 , the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester .	0.297	was born the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester at	Hiester	Montgomery County
Hiester was born in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania on July 17 , 1749 , the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester .	0.231	was born the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester in	Montgomery County	Pennsylvania
Hiester was born in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania on July 17 , 1749 , the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester .	0.165	was born in	German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester	Montgomery County
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .	0.828	is	A risk of birth defects	one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .	0.713	be a sure source of	A risk of birth defects	lawsuits
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .	0.535	be A risk of	one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486	birth defects
It is a relatively common and widespread snake found in the Southern United States and northeastern and central Mexico .	0.81	is found in	common and widespread snake	the Southern United States and northeastern and central Mexico
The plan outlined policy measures the candidates pledged to support in the United States presidential election , 2008 .	0.778	outlined	The plan	policy measures
After this point many of the republicans were arrested in Free State `` round ups '' when they had come out of hiding and returned home .	0.757	had returned	they	home
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .	0.854	conspired to fix prices for	they	e-books
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .	0.808	conspired to fix	they	prices
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .	0.8	conspired in	they	violation of antitrust law
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .	0.775	weaken	they	Amazon.com 's position
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .	0.755	to fix	they	prices
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .	0.658	to be fix for	prices	e-books
`` Edsall '' was laid down by the William Cramp and Sons Ship and Engine Building Company on 15 September 1919 , launched on 29 July 1920 by Mrs. Bessie Edsall Bracey , sister of Seaman Edsall and commissioned on 26 November 1920 , Commander A. H. Rice in command .	0.944	was laid down by	Edsall	the William Cramp and Sons Ship and Engine Building Company
`` Edsall '' was laid down by the William Cramp and Sons Ship and Engine Building Company on 15 September 1919 , launched on 29 July 1920 by Mrs. Bessie Edsall Bracey , sister of Seaman Edsall and commissioned on 26 November 1920 , Commander A. H. Rice in command .	0.871	be launched on	Edsall	29 July 1920
`` Edsall '' was laid down by the William Cramp and Sons Ship and Engine Building Company on 15 September 1919 , launched on 29 July 1920 by Mrs. Bessie Edsall Bracey , sister of Seaman Edsall and commissioned on 26 November 1920 , Commander A. H. Rice in command .	0.822	be commissioned on	Edsall	26 November 1920
`` Edsall '' was laid down by the William Cramp and Sons Ship and Engine Building Company on 15 September 1919 , launched on 29 July 1920 by Mrs. Bessie Edsall Bracey , sister of Seaman Edsall and commissioned on 26 November 1920 , Commander A. H. Rice in command .	0.822	was laid down on	Edsall	15 September 1919
`` Edsall '' was laid down by the William Cramp and Sons Ship and Engine Building Company on 15 September 1919 , launched on 29 July 1920 by Mrs. Bessie Edsall Bracey , sister of Seaman Edsall and commissioned on 26 November 1920 , Commander A. H. Rice in command .	0.809	be launched by	Edsall	Mrs. Bessie Edsall Bracey
`` Edsall '' was laid down by the William Cramp and Sons Ship and Engine Building Company on 15 September 1919 , launched on 29 July 1920 by Mrs. Bessie Edsall Bracey , sister of Seaman Edsall and commissioned on 26 November 1920 , Commander A. H. Rice in command .	0.545	launched in	Edsall	29 July 1920
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .	0.733	declared	Marks	an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence
Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 .	0.895	headed for	Boyer and Swanson	Wall Street
Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 .	0.861	headed in	Boyer and Swanson	1980
You can jump over other cars , warp through other cars and even attract your car towards another , but these weapons only affect your car .	0.882	can jump over	You	other cars
You can jump over other cars , warp through other cars and even attract your car towards another , but these weapons only affect your car .	0.679	only affect	these weapons	your car
On January 18 , 2008 , the Botanic Gardens Conservation International stated that `` 400 medicinal plants are at risk of extinction , from over-collection and deforestation , threatening the discovery of future cures for disease . ''	0.865	are at	400 medicinal plants	risk of extinction
On January 18 , 2008 , the Botanic Gardens Conservation International stated that `` 400 medicinal plants are at risk of extinction , from over-collection and deforestation , threatening the discovery of future cures for disease . ''	0.782	are from	400 medicinal plants	over-collection and deforestation
On January 18 , 2008 , the Botanic Gardens Conservation International stated that `` 400 medicinal plants are at risk of extinction , from over-collection and deforestation , threatening the discovery of future cures for disease . ''	0.743	stated on	the Botanic Gardens Conservation International	January 18 , 2008
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .	0.672	be has by	interests	Ogden Projects
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .	0.625	has up from seven a year ago	it	13 facilities
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .	0.6	has up from seven a year ago in	it	operation
The spirits , of course , could hardly care less whether people do or do n't believe in them .	0.793	could hardly care of	The spirits	course
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .	0.827	could be protectionism from	an even bigger problem	the U.S.
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .	0.764	consider	they	Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .	0.687	could be	an even bigger problem	protectionism
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .	0.645	to be crack through	the U.S. market	the back door
Approximately 51 % of children in Northern Ireland are educated in Catholic-managed schools .	0.914	are educated in	51 % of children	Catholic-managed schools
The latest 10 - year notes ended at about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 11\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Friday .	0.917	ended at	year notes	about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 %
The latest 10 - year notes ended at about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 11\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Friday .	0.726	to be yield on	7.93 %	Friday
The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation .	0.837	to discuss	The two leaders	changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation
An additional Sessions court has been sanctioned for Handwara , but it is yet to function .	0.774	is yet to	it	function
An additional Sessions court has been sanctioned for Handwara , but it is yet to function .	0.771	has been sanctioned for	An additional Sessions court	Handwara
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino - U.S. relations was `` very great , '' calling the situation `` the most serious '' since 1972 .	0.938	said on	Nixon	the fourth day of a private visit
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino - U.S. relations was `` very great , '' calling the situation `` the most serious '' since 1972 .	0.775	said in	Nixon	the fourth day of a private visit
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino - U.S. relations was `` very great , '' calling the situation `` the most serious '' since 1972 .	0.607	was very	U.S. relations	great
Boost levels were driver adjustable between 8 and 14 lbs and during dyno testing at the factory the engine put out 1200 bhp at 14 lbs of boost .	0.922	put out 1200 bhp at	the engine	14 lbs of boost
Boost levels were driver adjustable between 8 and 14 lbs and during dyno testing at the factory the engine put out 1200 bhp at 14 lbs of boost .	0.831	be put out at	1200 bhp	14 lbs of boost
Boost levels were driver adjustable between 8 and 14 lbs and during dyno testing at the factory the engine put out 1200 bhp at 14 lbs of boost .	0.829	put out	the engine	1200 bhp
Boost levels were driver adjustable between 8 and 14 lbs and during dyno testing at the factory the engine put out 1200 bhp at 14 lbs of boost .	0.77	were	Boost levels	adjustable between 8 and 14 lbs and during
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .	0.489	moved too calling up	Mr. Stoll	other systems managers
From the , 854 or 81.7 % were Roman Catholic , while 62 or 5.9 % belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church .	0.832	belonged to	62 or 5.9 %	the Swiss Reformed Church
From the , 854 or 81.7 % were Roman Catholic , while 62 or 5.9 % belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church .	0.675	were	854 or 81.7 %	Roman Catholic
The final or 5th week of the Walden School session is referred to as `` Festival Week '' .	0.857	is referred as	The final or 5th week of the Walden School session	Festival Week
A very early form of vaccination known as variolation was developed several thousand years ago in China .	0.907	was developed several thousand years ago in	A very early form of vaccination	China
A very early form of vaccination known as variolation was developed several thousand years ago in China .	0.655	be known as	vaccination	variolation
A very early form of vaccination known as variolation was developed several thousand years ago in China .	0.47	be form of	early	vaccination known as variolation
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	0.819	traced it to	He	a user named `` Hunter who had no valid billing address
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	0.779	be traced to	it	a user named `` Hunter who had no valid billing address
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	0.761	discovered	He	a 75 - cent discrepancy
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	0.736	be made to	the charges	various departments
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	0.547	traced	He	it
The final difference in the material not already plated is that the `` Epilogue , '' and thus Ishmael 's miraculous survival , is omitted from the British edition .	0.888	is omitted from	the `` Epilogue	the British edition
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months .	0.755	are have been at	Both sides	a flashpoint
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months .	0.744	are have been at	relations	a flashpoint
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months .	0.722	are have been for	Both sides	months
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months .	0.71	are have been for	relations	months
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months .	0.371	are jealously guarding have	Both sides	their turf
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months .	0.214	are jealously guarding have	relations	their turf
Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire , and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization , tempered by Ethiopian traditions , and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state .	0.932	embarked on	the country	a development scheme and plans for modernization , tempered by Ethiopian traditions
Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire , and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization , tempered by Ethiopian traditions , and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state .	0.914	were more widely spread throughout	Modern educational methods	the Empire
Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire , and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization , tempered by Ethiopian traditions , and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state .	0.706	be tempered by	a development scheme and plans	Ethiopian traditions
The IRS already is doing intensive TCMP audits of 19,000 returns for 1987 and fiscal 1988 filed by corporations with under $ 10 million in assets ... .	0.746	already is doing	The IRS	intensive TCMP audits of 19,000 returns
The IRS already is doing intensive TCMP audits of 19,000 returns for 1987 and fiscal 1988 filed by corporations with under $ 10 million in assets ... .	0.736	be filed by	19,000 returns	corporations
This church is of medieval origin , the building has undergone a radical transformation in 1885 .	0.851	is of	This church	medieval origin
This church is of medieval origin , the building has undergone a radical transformation in 1885 .	0.823	has undergone a radical transformation in	the building	1885
This church is of medieval origin , the building has undergone a radical transformation in 1885 .	0.785	has undergone	the building	a radical transformation
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.881	climbed 5.29 to	Poor	340.36
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.881	climbed 5.29 to	Stock Index	340.36
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.87	climbed 5.29 to	Standard & Poor 's 500	340.36
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.863	added 4.70 to	the Dow Jones Equity Market Index	318.79
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.842	climbed	Poor	5.29
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.842	climbed	Stock Index	5.29
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.828	climbed	Standard & Poor 's 500	5.29
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.82	added	the Dow Jones Equity Market Index	4.70
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.771	added 4.70 to	Standard & Poor 's 500	318.79
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.755	climbed 5.29 to	the Dow Jones Equity Market Index	340.36
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.736	be added to	4.70	318.79
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.736	be climbed to	5.29	340.36
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.708	added	Standard & Poor 's 500	4.70
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.708	climbed	Standard & Poor 's 500	2.65
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.696	climbed	the Dow Jones Equity Market Index	2.65
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.69	climbed	the Dow Jones Equity Market Index	5.29
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.67	climbed	the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index	2.65
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.579	added 4.70 to	the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index	318.79
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.498	added	the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index	4.70
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.409	climbed 5.29 to	the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index	340.36
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	0.333	climbed	the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index	5.29
Lugo and Lozano were released in 1993 and continue to reside in Venezuela .	0.894	were released in	Lugo and Lozano	1993
Lugo and Lozano were released in 1993 and continue to reside in Venezuela .	0.537	were released on	Lugo and Lozano	1993
He could acquire a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees , many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm , he could eliminate a competitor and he could get the name recognition he 'd wanted .	0.712	could acquire	He	a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees
He could acquire a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees , many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm , he could eliminate a competitor and he could get the name recognition he 'd wanted .	0.465	could could get	he	the name recognition he 'd wanted
He could acquire a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees , many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm , he could eliminate a competitor and he could get the name recognition he 'd wanted .	0.305	could eliminate could	he	a competitor
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .	0.458	is now holding	UNESCO	its biennial meetings
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .	0.42	is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise	UNESCO	its next projects
They joined Division Two of the Yorkshire League in 1968 and were relegated to the newly formed Third Division in 1970 .	0.933	joined of	They	the Yorkshire League
They joined Division Two of the Yorkshire League in 1968 and were relegated to the newly formed Third Division in 1970 .	0.885	joined in	They	1968
They joined Division Two of the Yorkshire League in 1968 and were relegated to the newly formed Third Division in 1970 .	0.801	were relegated to	They	the newly formed Third Division
They joined Division Two of the Yorkshire League in 1968 and were relegated to the newly formed Third Division in 1970 .	0.729	were relegated in	They	1970
They joined Division Two of the Yorkshire League in 1968 and were relegated to the newly formed Third Division in 1970 .	0.688	joined	They	1968
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .	0.778	approved	The Soviet legislature	a 1990 budget
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .	0.748	approved a 1990 budget in	The Soviet legislature	yesterday
His Classics had lapsed since school , and he spent the autumn term at home studying Greek with a tutor .	0.845	had lapsed since	His Classics	school
His Classics had lapsed since school , and he spent the autumn term at home studying Greek with a tutor .	0.842	had spent the autumn term at	His Classics	home studying
His Classics had lapsed since school , and he spent the autumn term at home studying Greek with a tutor .	0.793	had spent	His Classics	the autumn term
His Classics had lapsed since school , and he spent the autumn term at home studying Greek with a tutor .	0.691	had spent the autumn term at	he	home studying
His Classics had lapsed since school , and he spent the autumn term at home studying Greek with a tutor .	0.644	had spent at	the autumn term	home studying
His Classics had lapsed since school , and he spent the autumn term at home studying Greek with a tutor .	0.618	had spent	he	the autumn term
His Classics had lapsed since school , and he spent the autumn term at home studying Greek with a tutor .	0.528	had lapsed since	he	school
Kabul had textile , cotton production , and carpet production industries , but most of its economy came through tourism which it lost during its destruction .	0.939	came through	most of its economy	tourism which it lost during its destruction
Kabul had textile , cotton production , and carpet production industries , but most of its economy came through tourism which it lost during its destruction .	0.753	had	Kabul	textile
Kabul had textile , cotton production , and carpet production industries , but most of its economy came through tourism which it lost during its destruction .	0.684	which lost during	it	its destruction
These are included for completeness , although they are located just across the Dardanelles from the peninsula .	0.893	are located across	they	the Dardanelles
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .	0.767	were seen a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series by	The first three games	an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .	0.654	were seen	The first three games	a sharp decline
In more recent years , this policy has apparently relaxed somewhat .	0.572	has apparently relaxed somewhat in	this policy	recent years
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	0.929	was founded in	The school	1851
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	0.906	was founded as	The school	the German-English Academy
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	0.901	was founded by	The school	a group of Milwaukee German Americans
However , these do not sell the full range of tickets , for instance they do not sell Cheap Evening Returns , so that in the evening passengers can pay double the fare that they need to pay for the journey they are making , if they purchase tickets from the machine .	0.737	do not sell	they	Cheap Evening Returns
However , these do not sell the full range of tickets , for instance they do not sell Cheap Evening Returns , so that in the evening passengers can pay double the fare that they need to pay for the journey they are making , if they purchase tickets from the machine .	0.645	need to pay for	they	the journey they are making
However , these do not sell the full range of tickets , for instance they do not sell Cheap Evening Returns , so that in the evening passengers can pay double the fare that they need to pay for the journey they are making , if they purchase tickets from the machine .	0.601	do not sell Cheap Evening Returns for	they	instance
However , these do not sell the full range of tickets , for instance they do not sell Cheap Evening Returns , so that in the evening passengers can pay double the fare that they need to pay for the journey they are making , if they purchase tickets from the machine .	0.493	do not sell for	Cheap Evening Returns	instance
However , these do not sell the full range of tickets , for instance they do not sell Cheap Evening Returns , so that in the evening passengers can pay double the fare that they need to pay for the journey they are making , if they purchase tickets from the machine .	0.485	so can be pay in	double the fare	the evening passengers
However , these do not sell the full range of tickets , for instance they do not sell Cheap Evening Returns , so that in the evening passengers can pay double the fare that they need to pay for the journey they are making , if they purchase tickets from the machine .	0.206	purchase tickets from	they	the machine
However , these do not sell the full range of tickets , for instance they do not sell Cheap Evening Returns , so that in the evening passengers can pay double the fare that they need to pay for the journey they are making , if they purchase tickets from the machine .	0.17	purchase	they	tickets
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .	0.91	is the founder and former CEO of the of	George Bluth Sr	Bluth Company
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .	0.897	is the founder of	George Bluth Sr	the Bluth Company
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .	0.794	be patriarch of the of	George Bluth Sr	Bluth family
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .	0.781	builds mini-mansions among	the Bluth Company	many other activities
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .	0.748	is	George Bluth Sr	the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .	0.676	be patriarch of	George Bluth Sr	the Bluth family
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .	0.62	be builds by	mini-mansions	the Bluth Company
A proprietary name for : a language programme integrating speech , manual signs , and graphic symbols , developed to help people for whom communication is very difficult , esp .	0.757	developed esp to help	a language programme integrating speech , manual signs , and graphic symbols	people for whom communication is very difficult
A proprietary name for : a language programme integrating speech , manual signs , and graphic symbols , developed to help people for whom communication is very difficult , esp .	0.654	is very	communication	difficult
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	0.785	dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to	all private television stations	programs created by community groups , non-profits
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	0.693	dedicate	all private television stations	at least 25 % of their airtime
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	0.655	be created by	programs	community groups
While Ballard recuperates in the hospital , the released spirits , unharmed from the nuclear explosion , attack the city .	0.793	be unharmed from	the released spirits	the nuclear explosion
While Ballard recuperates in the hospital , the released spirits , unharmed from the nuclear explosion , attack the city .	0.792	recuperates in	Ballard	the hospital
The first playbill containing her name appeared in 1946 .	0.93	appeared in	The first playbill containing her name	1946
McLay also suggests that the songs negate what many consider to be a `` heretical '' ending for a comedy .	0.629	consider to be a `` heretical '' ending for	many	a comedy
Coca - Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft - drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country .	0.677	to be boost in	soft - drink volume	Singapore
Coca - Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft - drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country .	0.661	is discussing with	a joint venture	Fraser & Neave Ltd.
Coca - Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft - drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country .	0.63	is discussing a joint venture with	it	Fraser & Neave Ltd.
Coca - Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft - drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country .	0.624	is discussing	it	a joint venture
Coca - Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft - drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country .	0.624	be its bottling franchisee in	Fraser & Neave Ltd.	that country
Pursuit of the routed enemy to the French border was halted on 2 May upon the German surrender in Italy .	0.898	was halted on	Pursuit of the routed enemy	2
Pursuit of the routed enemy to the French border was halted on 2 May upon the German surrender in Italy .	0.386	surrender in	German	Italy
The town and surrounding villages were hit by two moderate earthquakes within ten years .	0.929	were hit by	The town	two moderate earthquakes
The town and surrounding villages were hit by two moderate earthquakes within ten years .	0.898	were hit within	The town	ten years
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .	0.339	have proved adept making use Soviet inventions by	the Japanese	contrast
Most yields on short - term jumbo CDs , those with denominations over $ 90,000 , also moved in the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields .	0.863	also moved in	Most yields	the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields
There used to be a Youth Hostel but it closed in October 2008 and the building has since reopened as Keld Lodge , a hotel with bar and restaurant .	0.879	has since reopened as	the building	Keld Lodge
There used to be a Youth Hostel but it closed in October 2008 and the building has since reopened as Keld Lodge , a hotel with bar and restaurant .	0.806	closed in	it	October 2008
There used to be a Youth Hostel but it closed in October 2008 and the building has since reopened as Keld Lodge , a hotel with bar and restaurant .	0.5	be a hotel with	Keld Lodge	bar and restaurant
The issue is backed by a 12 % letter of credit from Credit Suisse .	0.948	is backed by	The issue	a 12 % letter of credit
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''	0.887	took the helm as	Yutaka Kume	Nissan 's president
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''	0.83	be took as	the helm	Nissan 's president
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''	0.806	took the helm in	Yutaka Kume	June 1985
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''	0.768	be took in	the helm	June 1985
It is amazing that the ensuing mass executions in Vietnam and Cambodia do not weight more heavily on minds so morally fine - tuned .	0.747	do not weight more heavily on	the ensuing mass executions	minds tuned
It is amazing that the ensuing mass executions in Vietnam and Cambodia do not weight more heavily on minds so morally fine - tuned .	0.646	is	It	amazing
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	0.75	passed	he	the ransom money
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	0.727	be seeing in	Hauptmann	a lineup
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	0.692	told FBI Special Agent Turrou	Condon	the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St . Raymond 's Cemetery
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	0.619	be seeing at	Hauptmann	New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	0.568	was	Hauptmann	not `` John
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	0.553	claimed	Condon	he
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	0.335	told that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St . Raymond 's Cemetery	Condon	FBI Special Agent Turrou
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	0.225	told FBI Special Agent Turrou in	Condon	fact
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	0.164	be told FBI Special Agent Turrou in	the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St . Raymond 's Cemetery	fact
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	0.09	told that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St . Raymond 's Cemetery in	Condon	fact
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	0.023	told that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to be in St . Raymond 's Cemetery in	FBI Special Agent Turrou	fact
If you add fish later , it will force shifts in their social structure and could throw a well established colony into chaos .	0.708	could be throw into	a well established colony	chaos
If you add fish later , it will force shifts in their social structure and could throw a well established colony into chaos .	0.691	could throw a well established colony into	shifts	chaos
If you add fish later , it will force shifts in their social structure and could throw a well established colony into chaos .	0.638	could throw	shifts	a well established colony
If you add fish later , it will force shifts in their social structure and could throw a well established colony into chaos .	0.068	add later	you	fish
In 1642 a Lutheran Latin School opened at St Peter 's .	0.852	opened at	a Lutheran Latin School	St Peter
In 1642 a Lutheran Latin School opened at St Peter 's .	0.695	opened in	a Lutheran Latin School	1642
A V-1 flying bomb hit Colindale Hospital on 1 July 1944 , killing four members of the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force .	0.9	hit Colindale Hospital on	A V-1 flying bomb	1 July 1944
A V-1 flying bomb hit Colindale Hospital on 1 July 1944 , killing four members of the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force .	0.816	hit	A V-1 flying bomb	Colindale Hospital
A V-1 flying bomb hit Colindale Hospital on 1 July 1944 , killing four members of the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force .	0.796	be hit on	Colindale Hospital	1 July 1944
A V-1 flying bomb hit Colindale Hospital on 1 July 1944 , killing four members of the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force .	0.699	hit Colindale Hospital killing	A V-1 flying bomb	four members of the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .	0.885	was raised in	he	a small borough
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .	0.818	be put through	himself	Law School
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .	0.614	be seat of	Ebensburg	Cambria County
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .	0.563	put himself through	he	Law School
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .	0.191	be a small borough outside	Ebensburg	the Cambria County seat
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .	0.864	surged 20 1\/8 above	Great Northern	Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .	0.854	surged 20 1\/8 to	Great Northern	62 7\/8
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .	0.809	surged	Great Northern	20 1\/8
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .	0.771	surged 20 1\/8 amid	Great Northern	speculation
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .	0.732	be surged above	20 1\/8	Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .	0.676	be surged to	20 1\/8	62 7\/8
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .	0.607	be surged amid	20 1\/8	speculation
The comprehensive model was born out of similar experimentation as Brown and Kulik 's , but with a larger participant sample .	0.868	was born as	The comprehensive model	Brown and Kulik
Following the decision to withdraw tram services in London and replace them with buses , the station closed just after 12.30 am on 6 April 1952 .	0.791	closed following	the station	the decision to withdraw tram services in London and replace them with buses
Following the decision to withdraw tram services in London and replace them with buses , the station closed just after 12.30 am on 6 April 1952 .	0.784	am on	12.30	6 April 1952
Following the decision to withdraw tram services in London and replace them with buses , the station closed just after 12.30 am on 6 April 1952 .	0.677	to be withdraw in	tram services	London
Following the decision to withdraw tram services in London and replace them with buses , the station closed just after 12.30 am on 6 April 1952 .	0.602	to be replace with	them	buses
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .	0.812	includes	This quarter 's loss	pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .	0.69	were	offs the company said	non
Their cover of Classical Gas , from their eponymous 1969 album , is sampled and featured in the latest Irish & UK Guinness TV Commercials .	0.884	be featured in	Their cover of Classical Gas	the latest Irish & UK Guinness TV Commercials
Lobectomy means `` surgical excision of a lobe '' .	0.799	means	Lobectomy	surgical excision of a lobe
Crime Master slashes her when he finds out about this , but before passing out , she alerts the FBI that he is in league with Otto Octavius and his inhumane experiments .	0.714	is in	he	league
Crime Master slashes her when he finds out about this , but before passing out , she alerts the FBI that he is in league with Otto Octavius and his inhumane experiments .	0.71	alerts	she	the FBI
Crime Master slashes her when he finds out about this , but before passing out , she alerts the FBI that he is in league with Otto Octavius and his inhumane experiments .	0.702	slashes	Crime Master	her
Crime Master slashes her when he finds out about this , but before passing out , she alerts the FBI that he is in league with Otto Octavius and his inhumane experiments .	0.273	alerts the FBI in	he	she
As the title is subjective , the reporter writing the article is allowed to decide if a source should be called one .	0.541	is	the title	subjective
As the title is subjective , the reporter writing the article is allowed to decide if a source should be called one .	0.142	should be called	a source	one
At least two special supplementing the series were released for this .	0.712	were released in	special supplementing the series	At least two
`` We were oversold and today we bounced back .	0.447	bounced back in	we	today
Jackson Lee made three unsuccessful attempts at local judgeships before becoming a municipal judge from 1987 to 1990 .	0.92	made three unsuccessful attempts at	Jackson Lee	local judgeships
Jackson Lee made three unsuccessful attempts at local judgeships before becoming a municipal judge from 1987 to 1990 .	0.85	made	Jackson Lee	three unsuccessful attempts
Jackson Lee made three unsuccessful attempts at local judgeships before becoming a municipal judge from 1987 to 1990 .	0.804	be made at	three unsuccessful attempts	local judgeships
Jackson Lee made three unsuccessful attempts at local judgeships before becoming a municipal judge from 1987 to 1990 .	0.707	be becoming from	a municipal judge	1987
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .	0.817	also relished	Mr. Wathen	the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .	0.775	could run	an entrepreneur who 'd spent his whole career in the security business	Pinkerton
It was a significant promotion that marked a distinct aptitude for medicine ; it brought greater responsibility and a heavier workload .	0.721	brought	it	greater responsibility and a heavier workload
It was a significant promotion that marked a distinct aptitude for medicine ; it brought greater responsibility and a heavier workload .	0.669	was	It	a significant promotion that marked a distinct aptitude for medicine
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .	0.795	be Four years ago jailed for	all nine members of the Cambria County School Board	several hours
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .	0.779	defied	they	his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .	0.766	Four years ago jailed	he	all nine members of the Cambria County School Board
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .	0.705	be lost during	time	a teachers ' strike
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .	0.702	Four years ago jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for	he	several hours
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .	0.875	did n't reach many second - level officials until	word of it	the past few days
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .	0.863	was closely held did by	word of the possible session	the president and a handful of top aides
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .	0.846	did n't reach	word of it	many second - level officials
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .	0.778	did n't reach until	many second - level officials	the past few days
In 1926 , `` The News and Courier '' was bought by the owners of Charleston 's main evening paper , `` The Evening Post . ''	0.856	was bought The Evening Post by	The News and Courier	the owners of Charleston 's main evening paper
In 1926 , `` The News and Courier '' was bought by the owners of Charleston 's main evening paper , `` The Evening Post . ''	0.533	was bought	The News and Courier	The Evening Post
In 1926 , `` The News and Courier '' was bought by the owners of Charleston 's main evening paper , `` The Evening Post . ''	0.5	was bought The Evening Post in	The News and Courier	1926
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .	0.754	was in	speculation	yesterday
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .	0.688	might soon follow	Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies	the lead of Kemper Corp.
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .	0.627	be cutting off to	trading business	securities firms that do program trading
NAVAIRESTRACOM 's primary responsibility was the oversight of numerous reserve naval air stations throughout the US where experienced Naval Aviators , enlisted Naval Aircrewmen , and maintenance personnel from WWII could affiliate as Naval Reservists and maintain their aviation proficiency should their skills be needed for future conflicts .	0.883	should be needed for	their skills	future conflicts
NAVAIRESTRACOM 's primary responsibility was the oversight of numerous reserve naval air stations throughout the US where experienced Naval Aviators , enlisted Naval Aircrewmen , and maintenance personnel from WWII could affiliate as Naval Reservists and maintain their aviation proficiency should their skills be needed for future conflicts .	0.86	was the oversight of	NAVAIRESTRACOM 's primary responsibility	numerous reserve naval air stations
NAVAIRESTRACOM 's primary responsibility was the oversight of numerous reserve naval air stations throughout the US where experienced Naval Aviators , enlisted Naval Aircrewmen , and maintenance personnel from WWII could affiliate as Naval Reservists and maintain their aviation proficiency should their skills be needed for future conflicts .	0.844	should be needed for	affiliate	future conflicts
NAVAIRESTRACOM 's primary responsibility was the oversight of numerous reserve naval air stations throughout the US where experienced Naval Aviators , enlisted Naval Aircrewmen , and maintenance personnel from WWII could affiliate as Naval Reservists and maintain their aviation proficiency should their skills be needed for future conflicts .	0.774	was the oversight of numerous reserve naval air stations throughout	NAVAIRESTRACOM 's primary responsibility	the US
NAVAIRESTRACOM 's primary responsibility was the oversight of numerous reserve naval air stations throughout the US where experienced Naval Aviators , enlisted Naval Aircrewmen , and maintenance personnel from WWII could affiliate as Naval Reservists and maintain their aviation proficiency should their skills be needed for future conflicts .	0.695	be enlisted from	Naval Aircrewmen , and maintenance personnel	WWII
NAVAIRESTRACOM 's primary responsibility was the oversight of numerous reserve naval air stations throughout the US where experienced Naval Aviators , enlisted Naval Aircrewmen , and maintenance personnel from WWII could affiliate as Naval Reservists and maintain their aviation proficiency should their skills be needed for future conflicts .	0.622	was	NAVAIRESTRACOM 's primary responsibility	the oversight of numerous reserve naval air stations
NAVAIRESTRACOM 's primary responsibility was the oversight of numerous reserve naval air stations throughout the US where experienced Naval Aviators , enlisted Naval Aircrewmen , and maintenance personnel from WWII could affiliate as Naval Reservists and maintain their aviation proficiency should their skills be needed for future conflicts .	0.588	enlisted Naval Aircrewmen , from	the US	WWII
NAVAIRESTRACOM 's primary responsibility was the oversight of numerous reserve naval air stations throughout the US where experienced Naval Aviators , enlisted Naval Aircrewmen , and maintenance personnel from WWII could affiliate as Naval Reservists and maintain their aviation proficiency should their skills be needed for future conflicts .	0.497	enlisted maintenance personnel from	the US	WWII
NAVAIRESTRACOM 's primary responsibility was the oversight of numerous reserve naval air stations throughout the US where experienced Naval Aviators , enlisted Naval Aircrewmen , and maintenance personnel from WWII could affiliate as Naval Reservists and maintain their aviation proficiency should their skills be needed for future conflicts .	0.399	could maintain	the oversight of numerous reserve naval air stations	their aviation proficiency
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .	0.769	Altogether grew in	annual Japanese investment	1988
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .	0.769	Altogether grew in	commercial real estate	1988
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .	0.306	be annual Japanese investment in	commercial real estate	U.S.
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .	0.29	be a friendly bid of	the two sides	470 pence
However , the Persian satrap of Cappadocia had an inflated view of his own abilities .	0.765	However had	the Persian satrap of Cappadocia	an inflated view of his own abilities
The districts of Mozambique are divided into 405 `` postos '' .	0.894	are divided into	The districts of Mozambique	405 `` postos
His strength and dexterity allow him to climb vertical surfaces with just his hands and/or feet , jump great distances and survive falls that would kill any ordinary person .	0.648	to climb	him	vertical surfaces
His strength and dexterity allow him to climb vertical surfaces with just his hands and/or feet , jump great distances and survive falls that would kill any ordinary person .	0.586	to climb vertical surfaces with	him	his hands
His strength and dexterity allow him to climb vertical surfaces with just his hands and/or feet , jump great distances and survive falls that would kill any ordinary person .	0.509	to be climb with	vertical surfaces	his hands
Beyond the community , the creek continues south into Wolf Township , leaving its valley passing by the eastern edge of Hughesville .	0.868	passing by	its valley	the eastern edge of Hughesville
Beyond the community , the creek continues south into Wolf Township , leaving its valley passing by the eastern edge of Hughesville .	0.827	continues south into	the creek	Wolf Township
Beyond the community , the creek continues south into Wolf Township , leaving its valley passing by the eastern edge of Hughesville .	0.667	continues south beyond	the creek	the community
Beyond the community , the creek continues south into Wolf Township , leaving its valley passing by the eastern edge of Hughesville .	0.612	continues south leaving	the creek	its valley passing by the eastern edge of Hughesville
The first aired January 6 , 2008 and the second aired January 11 , 2009 .	0.736	aired in	The first	January 6 , 2008
But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one .	0.858	then often behaved like	Judge O'Kicki	a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .	0.731	would sell	Ocean Drilling	the unit
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .	0.726	would sell the unit to concentrate on	Ocean Drilling	its core oil and gas business
The Red Army and the local revolutionaries took the city from the Georgian forces on 4 March 1921 , and declared Soviet rule .	0.908	took the city from	the local revolutionaries	the Georgian forces
The Red Army and the local revolutionaries took the city from the Georgian forces on 4 March 1921 , and declared Soviet rule .	0.829	took	the local revolutionaries	the city
The Red Army and the local revolutionaries took the city from the Georgian forces on 4 March 1921 , and declared Soviet rule .	0.804	be took from	the city	the Georgian forces
Officials proposed a cut in the defense budget this year to 70.9 billion rubles ( US$ 114.3 billion ) from 77.3 billion rubles ( US$ 125 billion ) as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment .	0.837	proposed	Officials	a cut
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .	0.708	steered clear of the mortgage securities as	Japanese investors	a result
With a visual magnitude of 2.63 , it can easily be seen with the naked eye even in areas with substantial light pollution .	0.857	can easily be seen in	it	areas
With a visual magnitude of 2.63 , it can easily be seen with the naked eye even in areas with substantial light pollution .	0.84	can easily be seen with	it	the naked eye
With a visual magnitude of 2.63 , it can easily be seen with the naked eye even in areas with substantial light pollution .	0.773	can easily be seen with	it	a visual magnitude of 2.63
With a visual magnitude of 2.63 , it can easily be seen with the naked eye even in areas with substantial light pollution .	0.515	can easily be seen at	it	areas
Two - and three-year programs are offered in various fields , through the divisions of Games and Animation , Industrial Design , Performing Arts , Information Communications , and Human Care .	0.901	are offered through	Two - and three-year programs	the divisions of Games
Two - and three-year programs are offered in various fields , through the divisions of Games and Animation , Industrial Design , Performing Arts , Information Communications , and Human Care .	0.9	are offered in	Two - and three-year programs	various fields
But you ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight .	0.742	ca n't dismiss	you	Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives
Political lobbying by California Senator Arthur Jellison eventually gets a joint Apollo-Soyuz mission into space to study the comet , dubbed `` The Hammer '' by popular media , which is expected to pass close to the Earth .	0.896	eventually gets a joint Apollo-Soyuz mission into	Political lobbying	space
Political lobbying by California Senator Arthur Jellison eventually gets a joint Apollo-Soyuz mission into space to study the comet , dubbed `` The Hammer '' by popular media , which is expected to pass close to the Earth .	0.841	eventually gets	Political lobbying	a joint Apollo-Soyuz mission
Political lobbying by California Senator Arthur Jellison eventually gets a joint Apollo-Soyuz mission into space to study the comet , dubbed `` The Hammer '' by popular media , which is expected to pass close to the Earth .	0.66	eventually gets a joint Apollo-Soyuz mission to study	Political lobbying	the comet
The insurer sponsored the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open beginning in 1981 .	0.849	sponsored	The insurer	the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open
The insurer sponsored the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open beginning in 1981 .	0.752	be known as	the golf tournament	the New Orleans Open
The insurer sponsored the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open beginning in 1981 .	0.627	beginning in	the New Orleans Open	1981
The enantioselectivity of this reaction is important because only the S enantiomer is medicinally desirable , whereas the R enantiomer produces harmful health effects .	0.746	is	The enantioselectivity of this reaction	important
The enantioselectivity of this reaction is important because only the S enantiomer is medicinally desirable , whereas the R enantiomer produces harmful health effects .	0.679	produces	the R enantiomer	harmful health effects
The enantioselectivity of this reaction is important because only the S enantiomer is medicinally desirable , whereas the R enantiomer produces harmful health effects .	0.562	because only is medicinally	the S enantiomer	desirable
The enantioselectivity of this reaction is important because only the S enantiomer is medicinally desirable , whereas the R enantiomer produces harmful health effects .	0.492	be The enantioselectivity of	important	this reaction
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .	0.937	are owned by	than 3 % of its shares	employees and management
The canopy was split into two sections and joined by a strong welded steel frame .	0.9	was split into	The canopy	two sections
The canopy was split into two sections and joined by a strong welded steel frame .	0.898	be joined by	The canopy	a strong welded steel frame
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	0.899	joined the London , as	Tom Bradley	a junior clerk
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	0.861	joined Midland as	Tom Bradley	a junior clerk
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	0.861	joined Scottish Railway Company as	Tom Bradley	a junior clerk
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	0.85	joined Scottish Railway Company at	Tom Bradley	Kettering
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	0.85	joined	Tom Bradley	the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	0.805	joined the London , at	Tom Bradley	Kettering
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	0.795	joined the London , in	Tom Bradley	1941
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	0.794	be joined as	the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company	a junior clerk
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	0.78	be joined at	the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company	Kettering
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	0.741	joined Midland at	Tom Bradley	Kettering
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	0.728	joined Midland in	Tom Bradley	1941
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	0.728	joined Scottish Railway Company in	Tom Bradley	1941
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	0.625	be joined in	the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company	1941
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	0.526	joined the London ,	Tom Bradley	1941
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	0.374	joined Midland	Tom Bradley	1941
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	0.374	joined Scottish Railway Company	Tom Bradley	1941
It is part of the Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Beauty and situated on the Green Sand Way .	0.901	is part of	It	the Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Beauty
It is part of the Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Beauty and situated on the Green Sand Way .	0.634	is	It	part of the Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Beauty
It is part of the Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Beauty and situated on the Green Sand Way .	0.606	situated on	It	the Green Sand Way
In 1880 , the first Putnam Street Bridge was opened to connect Marietta to Fort Harmar .	0.742	was opened in	the first Putnam Street Bridge	1880
In 1880 , the first Putnam Street Bridge was opened to connect Marietta to Fort Harmar .	0.71	to connect to be	Marietta	Fort Harmar
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .	0.704	says in	several big investors who were interested	Kinji Kato
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .	0.691	be a vice president at	Kinji Kato	the international arm of Nomura Securities Co
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .	0.626	were in	several big investors who were interested	Last year
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .	0.921	was the kind of	Santa Fe Pacific	story
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .	0.797	was	Santa Fe Pacific	the kind of story Wall Street loved
The offering , Series 109 , is backed by Freddie Mac 10 % securities .	0.911	is backed by	The offering	Freddie Mac 10 % securities
Studies have indicated that male circumcision contributes to the development of urethral stricture .	0.828	contributes to	male circumcision	the development of urethral stricture
The group were influenced by Ash Ra Tempel , Hawkwind and Tangerine Dream .	0.912	were influenced by	The group	Ash Ra Tempel , Hawkwind and Tangerine Dream
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .	0.925	was quoted late at	year bond	102 12\/32
The ill-fated RMS `` Titanic '' was built there in 1911 .	0.914	was built there in	The ill-fated RMS `` Titanic	1911
A character notes some practical difficulties with such a map and states that `` we now use the country itself , as its own map , and I assure you it does nearly as well . ''	0.807	notes	A character	some practical difficulties
A character notes some practical difficulties with such a map and states that `` we now use the country itself , as its own map , and I assure you it does nearly as well . ''	0.604	now use	we	the country
A character notes some practical difficulties with such a map and states that `` we now use the country itself , as its own map , and I assure you it does nearly as well . ''	0.574	now use the country itself as	we	its own map
A character notes some practical difficulties with such a map and states that `` we now use the country itself , as its own map , and I assure you it does nearly as well . ''	0.376	notes	I	some practical difficulties
The band also confirmed that the album would be self-released .	0.653	would be	the album	self-released
The dollar drew strength from the stock market 's climb .	0.9	drew strength from	The dollar	the stock market 's climb
The dollar drew strength from the stock market 's climb .	0.799	drew	The dollar	strength
The dollar drew strength from the stock market 's climb .	0.611	be drew from	strength	the stock market 's climb
BAE Systems has in recent times been criticised for its role in the production of cluster bombs , due to the long term risk for injury or death to civilians .	0.824	been criticised for	BAE Systems	its role
BAE Systems has in recent times been criticised for its role in the production of cluster bombs , due to the long term risk for injury or death to civilians .	0.755	been criticised in	BAE Systems	recent times
As before , if both contestants are tied , a random round of Russian Roulette is played to determine the winner of the game , with the host pulling the lever himself .	0.658	to be determine with	the winner of the game	the host
The number of ones equals the number of zeros plus one , since the state containing only zeros can not occur .	0.787	equals the number of zeros plus one since	The number of ones	the state containing only zeros can not occur
The number of ones equals the number of zeros plus one , since the state containing only zeros can not occur .	0.748	equals	The number of ones	the number of zeros
The number of ones equals the number of zeros plus one , since the state containing only zeros can not occur .	0.729	equals of	The number of ones	zeros
Hoechst dyes can be used together with BrdU to monitor cell cycle progression .	0.917	can be used together with	Hoechst dyes	BrdU
Hoechst dyes can be used together with BrdU to monitor cell cycle progression .	0.692	to monitor	Hoechst dyes	cell cycle progression
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .	0.529	meanwhile agreed	The Aga Khan	another Agnelli family company
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .	0.921	had profit from	The latest period	continuing operations of $ 4 million
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .	0.822	be had from	profit	continuing operations of $ 4 million
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .	0.802	had	The latest period	profit
Air Siam and Air France both began long-haul service to Fukuoka in 1975 , but withdrew within two years .	0.9	began long-haul service to	Air Siam and Air France	Fukuoka
Air Siam and Air France both began long-haul service to Fukuoka in 1975 , but withdrew within two years .	0.839	began long-haul service in	Air Siam and Air France	1975
Air Siam and Air France both began long-haul service to Fukuoka in 1975 , but withdrew within two years .	0.828	began	Air Siam and Air France	long-haul service
Air Siam and Air France both began long-haul service to Fukuoka in 1975 , but withdrew within two years .	0.78	be began to	long-haul service	Fukuoka
Air Siam and Air France both began long-haul service to Fukuoka in 1975 , but withdrew within two years .	0.736	be began in	long-haul service	1975
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .	0.828	failed to win election to the company 's board at	Michael Blair	a special shareholder meeting
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .	0.754	to be win at	election	a special shareholder meeting
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .	0.734	failed to win	Michael Blair	election
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .	0.721	to win election to the company 's board at	Michael Blair	a special shareholder meeting
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .	0.668	to win	Michael Blair	election
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .	0.657	be former president of	Michael Blair	Enfield Corp.
Like his father , Raghavendra Rajkumar too sings his own songs in the movies .	0.786	too sings his own songs in	his father	the movies
Like his father , Raghavendra Rajkumar too sings his own songs in the movies .	0.668	too sings	his father	his own songs
Set in an alternate near-future Japan , the protagonist of the story , a young woman codenamed `` Kabuki '' , acts as an agent and television law-enforcement personality for a clandestine government body known as `` The Noh '' .	0.884	acts as	the protagonist of the story a young woman codenamed `` Kabuki ''	an agent and television law-enforcement personality
Set in an alternate near-future Japan , the protagonist of the story , a young woman codenamed `` Kabuki '' , acts as an agent and television law-enforcement personality for a clandestine government body known as `` The Noh '' .	0.782	codenamed	a young woman	Kabuki
Set in an alternate near-future Japan , the protagonist of the story , a young woman codenamed `` Kabuki '' , acts as an agent and television law-enforcement personality for a clandestine government body known as `` The Noh '' .	0.693	be known as	a clandestine government body	The Noh
1989 saw the release of `` Misspent Youth '' on MCA .	0.783	saw	1989	the release of `` Misspent Youth
No announcement from UTV was made about the decision to close the station earlier than planned .	0.945	was made about	No announcement	the decision to close the station earlier than planned
Placing the stones in the Suva shrine , the stones activated and transformed the six into new Toa Metru .	0.847	transformed the six into	the stones	new Toa Metru
Placing the stones in the Suva shrine , the stones activated and transformed the six into new Toa Metru .	0.819	transformed	the stones	six
Placing the stones in the Suva shrine , the stones activated and transformed the six into new Toa Metru .	0.752	be Placing in	the stones	the Suva shrine
It was chosen in 1901 because it was a triangulation station at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the triangulation arc along the 98th meridian west that was near the geographic center of the contiguous United States .	0.891	was chosen in	It	1901
It was chosen in 1901 because it was a triangulation station at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the triangulation arc along the 98th meridian west that was near the geographic center of the contiguous United States .	0.866	was a triangulation station at	it	the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899
It was chosen in 1901 because it was a triangulation station at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the triangulation arc along the 98th meridian west that was near the geographic center of the contiguous United States .	0.788	was near	the 98th meridian west	the geographic center of the contiguous United States
It was chosen in 1901 because it was a triangulation station at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the triangulation arc along the 98th meridian west that was near the geographic center of the contiguous United States .	0.602	was	it	a triangulation station at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the triangulation arc
It was chosen in 1901 because it was a triangulation station at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the triangulation arc along the 98th meridian west that was near the geographic center of the contiguous United States .	0.552	was a triangulation station on	it	the 39th parallel north
It was chosen in 1901 because it was a triangulation station at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the triangulation arc along the 98th meridian west that was near the geographic center of the contiguous United States .	0.492	be the triangulation arc along	it	the 98th meridian west that was near the geographic center of the contiguous United States
Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .	0.679	require	patients	less attention
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .	0.877	awarded damages to	A federal district court	the families and the appeals court
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .	0.837	awarded	A federal district court	damages
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .	0.736	be awarded to	damages	the families and the appeals court
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )	0.79	were	European politicians	reluctant
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )	0.789	harass	their governments	new religions
Butters Drive in the Canberra suburb of Phillip is named in his honour .	0.847	Drive in	Butters	the Canberra suburb of Phillip
Butters Drive in the Canberra suburb of Phillip is named in his honour .	0.789	be suburb of	Canberra	Phillip
Butters Drive in the Canberra suburb of Phillip is named in his honour .	0.74	be suburb in	Canberra	Phillip
Butters Drive in the Canberra suburb of Phillip is named in his honour .	0.456	be suburb in	Phillip	Canberra
In May 1959 , he broke the European record ; afterward in June 1959 , he set the world record at Kusocinski Memorial in Warsaw .	0.672	broke	he	the European record
In May 1959 , he broke the European record ; afterward in June 1959 , he set the world record at Kusocinski Memorial in Warsaw .	0.618	afterward in June 1959 set	he	the world record
In May 1959 , he broke the European record ; afterward in June 1959 , he set the world record at Kusocinski Memorial in Warsaw .	0.601	broke the European record in	he	May 1959
In May 1959 , he broke the European record ; afterward in June 1959 , he set the world record at Kusocinski Memorial in Warsaw .	0.55	be broke in	the European record	May 1959
Emigration to the United Kingdom continued to increase when the Great Depression of 1929 brought economic depression to Cyprus , with unemployment and low wages being a significant issue .	0.795	continued to increase with	Emigration	a significant issue
Emigration to the United Kingdom continued to increase when the Great Depression of 1929 brought economic depression to Cyprus , with unemployment and low wages being a significant issue .	0.785	brought	the Great Depression of 1929	economic depression
Emigration to the United Kingdom continued to increase when the Great Depression of 1929 brought economic depression to Cyprus , with unemployment and low wages being a significant issue .	0.76	brought economic depression to	the Great Depression of 1929	Cyprus
Emigration to the United Kingdom continued to increase when the Great Depression of 1929 brought economic depression to Cyprus , with unemployment and low wages being a significant issue .	0.675	to increase with	Emigration	a significant issue
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes .	0.711	indeed combined them with	he	increases
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes .	0.607	could have in	he	tax reductions
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes .	0.568	be indeed combined with	them	increases
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes .	0.476	indeed combined	he	them
Remnant Micronesia and the Marshall Islands , the heirs of the last territories of the Trust , attained final independence on 22 December 1990 . .	0.817	be attained on	final independence	22 December 1990
Remnant Micronesia and the Marshall Islands , the heirs of the last territories of the Trust , attained final independence on 22 December 1990 . .	0.804	attained final independence on	Remnant Micronesia and the Marshall Islands	22 December 1990
Remnant Micronesia and the Marshall Islands , the heirs of the last territories of the Trust , attained final independence on 22 December 1990 . .	0.713	be the heirs of	Remnant Micronesia and the Marshall Islands	the last territories of the Trust
Remnant Micronesia and the Marshall Islands , the heirs of the last territories of the Trust , attained final independence on 22 December 1990 . .	0.701	attained	Remnant Micronesia and the Marshall Islands	final independence
In the same year he married , as his second wife , Elizabeth Cromwell , a cousin of Oliver Cromwell , to whom his first wife also had been distantly related .	0.687	married as	he	his second wife to whom his first wife also had been distantly related
In the same year he married , as his second wife , Elizabeth Cromwell , a cousin of Oliver Cromwell , to whom his first wife also had been distantly related .	0.601	married in	he	the same year
In the same year he married , as his second wife , Elizabeth Cromwell , a cousin of Oliver Cromwell , to whom his first wife also had been distantly related .	0.302	married	he	the same year
In the same year he married , as his second wife , Elizabeth Cromwell , a cousin of Oliver Cromwell , to whom his first wife also had been distantly related .	0.302	also had been distantly related in	his first wife	his second wife
`` Impact '' notably features voice acting from the original Japanese voice actors .	0.845	notably features	Impact	voice acting from the original Japanese voice actors
`` Impact '' notably features voice acting from the original Japanese voice actors .	0.729	acting from	voice	the original Japanese voice actors
A plaque was erected in the 1960s commemorating this .	0.914	was erected in	A plaque	the 1960s commemorating this
In 1978 she played Mrs. Berg in the television film `` Summer of My German Soldier '' .	0.806	played Mrs. Berg in	she	the television film
In 1978 she played Mrs. Berg in the television film `` Summer of My German Soldier '' .	0.73	played	she	Mrs. Berg
In 1978 she played Mrs. Berg in the television film `` Summer of My German Soldier '' .	0.66	played Mrs. Berg in	she	1978
In 1978 she played Mrs. Berg in the television film `` Summer of My German Soldier '' .	0.579	be played in	Mrs. Berg	the television film
In 1978 she played Mrs. Berg in the television film `` Summer of My German Soldier '' .	0.39	be played in	Mrs. Berg	1978
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .	0.828	reported	Companies listed below	quarterly profit substantially different
But Mr. Simonds-Gooding said he is n't talking to any studios about investing .	0.664	is n't talking to	he	any studios
Bats learn to avoid the harmful moths , but due to their association of the warning signal with danger , they similarly avoid other species that produce such warning sounds as well .	0.846	similarly avoid	they	other species
Bats learn to avoid the harmful moths , but due to their association of the warning signal with danger , they similarly avoid other species that produce such warning sounds as well .	0.663	learn due to	Bats	their association of the warning signal
Bats learn to avoid the harmful moths , but due to their association of the warning signal with danger , they similarly avoid other species that produce such warning sounds as well .	0.538	learn to avoid	Bats	the harmful moths
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .	0.929	has been damped by	The recently revived enthusiasm	a jittery stock market and the tumult
Rolls - Royce Motor Cars Inc. said it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990 .	0.913	to remain steady at	its U.S. sales	about 1,200 cars
Rolls - Royce Motor Cars Inc. said it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990 .	0.834	to remain steady in	its U.S. sales	1990
Rolls - Royce Motor Cars Inc. said it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990 .	0.83	to remain	its U.S. sales	steady
He was tried before the high court of justice in late June , and 5 July , defended by Matthew Hale ; presiding at the trial was Richard Keble .	0.935	was tried before	He	the high court of justice
He was tried before the high court of justice in late June , and 5 July , defended by Matthew Hale ; presiding at the trial was Richard Keble .	0.768	be defended by	5 July	Matthew Hale
Moreover , some sponsors pulled their advertising off XM in protest of the suspension .	0.902	Moreover pulled their advertising in	some sponsors	protest of the suspension
Moreover , some sponsors pulled their advertising off XM in protest of the suspension .	0.873	be Moreover pulled in	their advertising	protest of the suspension
Moreover , some sponsors pulled their advertising off XM in protest of the suspension .	0.867	Moreover pulled their advertising off	some sponsors	XM
Moreover , some sponsors pulled their advertising off XM in protest of the suspension .	0.838	be Moreover pulled off	their advertising	XM
Moreover , some sponsors pulled their advertising off XM in protest of the suspension .	0.732	Moreover pulled	some sponsors	their advertising
The operative definition of newsworthiness will favor virtually unrestrained use of personal , sensitive and intimate facts .	0.834	will favor	The operative definition of newsworthiness	unrestrained use of personal , sensitive and intimate facts
The senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004 are targeted to be offered at a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 % .	0.694	maturing in	The senior subordinated debentures	2004
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it .	0.798	to add	houses	research fees
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it .	0.78	did n't stop	a federal measure allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions	it
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it .	0.741	to add research fees to	houses	their commissions
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it .	0.581	to add to be	research fees	their commissions
A federated identity in information technology is the means of linking a person 's electronic identity and attributes , stored across multiple distinct identity management systems .	0.837	is	A federated identity	the means linking a person 's electronic identity and attributes stored across multiple distinct identity management systems
A federated identity in information technology is the means of linking a person 's electronic identity and attributes , stored across multiple distinct identity management systems .	0.829	be stored across	the means linking a person 's electronic identity and attributes	multiple distinct identity management systems
A federated identity in information technology is the means of linking a person 's electronic identity and attributes , stored across multiple distinct identity management systems .	0.5	be A federated identity in	the means linking a person 's electronic identity and attributes stored across multiple distinct identity management systems	information technology
A different judge then ordered the case reviewed by a higher court .	0.876	then ordered	A different judge	the case reviewed by a higher court
A different judge then ordered the case reviewed by a higher court .	0.793	be reviewed by	the case	a higher court
After 2 or 3 days the vinegar is discarded and the fish is quickly rinsed with clean water .	0.914	is quickly rinsed with	the fish	clean water
After 2 or 3 days the vinegar is discarded and the fish is quickly rinsed with clean water .	0.914	is quickly rinsed with	the vinegar	clean water
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .	0.832	described in	the examiners	a riveting day of hearings
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .	0.752	be funneled into	millions of dollars	a Swiss bank
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .	0.661	described finding	the examiners	shredded documents
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .	0.641	was portrayed in	one of whom	a complacent attitude
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .	0.536	be a complacent attitude by	the examiners	Mr. Wall 's deputies
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .	0.851	was a valuable company despite	the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain	its financial woes
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .	0.656	was	the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain	a valuable company
Alan transforms into an alien creature and attacks Ed .	0.866	transforms into	Alan	an alien creature and attacks Ed
When Beuerlein called the play in the huddle , it elicited more laughter from his offense , followed by criticism of the call , when he told them , `` Hey guys , I 'm serious ... do your job . ''	0.871	called	Beuerlein	the play
When Beuerlein called the play in the huddle , it elicited more laughter from his offense , followed by criticism of the call , when he told them , `` Hey guys , I 'm serious ... do your job . ''	0.825	be followed by	laughter	criticism of the call , when he told them , `` Hey guys , I 'm serious
When Beuerlein called the play in the huddle , it elicited more laughter from his offense , followed by criticism of the call , when he told them , `` Hey guys , I 'm serious ... do your job . ''	0.761	elicited	it	laughter followed by criticism of the call , when he told them , `` Hey guys , I 'm serious ... do your job
When Beuerlein called the play in the huddle , it elicited more laughter from his offense , followed by criticism of the call , when he told them , `` Hey guys , I 'm serious ... do your job . ''	0.721	told them	he	guys
When Beuerlein called the play in the huddle , it elicited more laughter from his offense , followed by criticism of the call , when he told them , `` Hey guys , I 'm serious ... do your job . ''	0.511	told `` Hey guys	he	them
The economy of the early village was based on fishing and ship building .	0.919	was based on	The economy of the early village	fishing and ship building
Japan 's FTC says it is investigating Apple for allegedly discouraging retailers from discounting .	0.546	is investigating	it	Apple
It rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in June and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September 1988 .	0.877	rose 4.8 % for	It	the 12 months ended in June
It rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in June and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September 1988 .	0.808	be rose for	4.8 %	the 12 months ended in June
It rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in June and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September 1988 .	0.761	rose	It	4.8 %
It rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in June and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September 1988 .	0.692	be ended in	the 12 months	September 1988
It rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in June and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September 1988 .	0.622	be 4.7 % in	It	the 12 months ended in September 1988
It rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in June and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September 1988 .	0.62	be ended in	the 12 months	June
Only two tracks , `` Sydney Town '' and `` You Ca n't Run '' , have ever been released on a CD as of the date of this entry .	0.885	have ever been released on	Only two tracks	a CD
Only two tracks , `` Sydney Town '' and `` You Ca n't Run '' , have ever been released on a CD as of the date of this entry .	0.526	have ever been released in	Only two tracks	a CD
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''	0.626	do n't have	I	the values
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''	0.565	do n't have for	the values	any reason
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''	0.473	do n't have the values for	I	any reason
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''	0.403	then wo n't recommend	I	it
In addition to commercial applications , there is a wide body of free software for the UNIX environment which can be compiled and run on SUPER-UX , such as Emacs , and Vim .	0.423	is in	a wide body of free software for the UNIX environment which can be compiled and run on SUPER-UX , such as Emacs , and Vim	addition
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .	0.866	have slashed 17,000 jobs from	securities firms	the December 1987 peak of 163,000
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .	0.785	have slashed	securities firms	17,000 jobs
At first , Robin thinks of her as a pest , but later comes to enjoy her company .	0.867	thinks of	Robin	her
At first , Robin thinks of her as a pest , but later comes to enjoy her company .	0.79	thinks as	Robin	a pest
At first , Robin thinks of her as a pest , but later comes to enjoy her company .	0.632	thinks at	Robin	first
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .	0.841	allegedly made contributions then from	The Appleyard Agency	1982
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .	0.841	allegedly made contributions then to	The Appleyard Agency	various funds
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .	0.739	be allegedly made then from	contributions	1982
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .	0.739	be allegedly made then to	contributions	various funds
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .	0.575	be submitted to	bills	Gulf Power
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .	0.566	allegedly made then	The Appleyard Agency	contributions
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .	0.324	allegedly made contributions then for	The Appleyard Agency	example
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .	0.112	be allegedly made then for	contributions	example
He graduated from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in 1983 and was a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company .	0.9	graduated from	He	the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
He graduated from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in 1983 and was a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company .	0.806	was a member of	He	the Royal Shakespeare Company
He graduated from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in 1983 and was a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company .	0.775	graduated in	He	1983
He graduated from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in 1983 and was a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company .	0.526	was	He	a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company
All of the islands are under the Russian jurisdiction , but Japan claims the two southernmost large islands as part of its territory , as well as Shikotan and the Habomai islets , which has led to the ongoing Kuril Islands dispute .	0.813	claims	Japan	the two southernmost large islands
The tracks were removed in 1980 , and the railway embankment is nowadays used as a cycling and hiking path .	0.9	is nowadays used as	The tracks	a cycling
The tracks were removed in 1980 , and the railway embankment is nowadays used as a cycling and hiking path .	0.9	were removed in	The tracks	1980
The tracks were removed in 1980 , and the railway embankment is nowadays used as a cycling and hiking path .	0.894	is nowadays used as	the railway embankment	a cycling
The tracks were removed in 1980 , and the railway embankment is nowadays used as a cycling and hiking path .	0.805	were removed in	the railway embankment	1980
Just before Earth was found , `` Galactica '' faced the Cylons in a final climactic battle and destroyed them forever .	0.881	faced the Cylons in	Galactica	a final climactic battle
Just before Earth was found , `` Galactica '' faced the Cylons in a final climactic battle and destroyed them forever .	0.842	faced	Galactica	the Cylons
Just before Earth was found , `` Galactica '' faced the Cylons in a final climactic battle and destroyed them forever .	0.736	be faced in	the Cylons	a final climactic battle
Just before Earth was found , `` Galactica '' faced the Cylons in a final climactic battle and destroyed them forever .	0.424	destroyed forever	Galactica	them
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .	0.789	forced him in	Arm troubles	the next year
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .	0.712	forced	Arm troubles	him
Binitarians , point out , however that they believe that Melito 's statements do not contradict their position and no speculation about why he left out the Holy Spirit in that passage is not support for a trinitarian viewpoint .	0.834	is not support for	passage	a trinitarian viewpoint
Binitarians , point out , however that they believe that Melito 's statements do not contradict their position and no speculation about why he left out the Holy Spirit in that passage is not support for a trinitarian viewpoint .	0.75	left out	he	the Holy Spirit
Binitarians , point out , however that they believe that Melito 's statements do not contradict their position and no speculation about why he left out the Holy Spirit in that passage is not support for a trinitarian viewpoint .	0.711	do not contradict	Melito 's statements	their position and no speculation about why he left out the Holy Spirit in that passage is not support for a trinitarian viewpoint
There was much dredging and filling along the river .	0.645	filling along	much dredging	the river
From the start of the first semester of 2010 , the University banned smoking on any of its property , including inside and outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas .	0.901	banned smoking including	the University	inside and outside buildings
From the start of the first semester of 2010 , the University banned smoking on any of its property , including inside and outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas .	0.852	banned	the University	smoking
From the start of the first semester of 2010 , the University banned smoking on any of its property , including inside and outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas .	0.838	be banned including	smoking	inside and outside buildings
From the start of the first semester of 2010 , the University banned smoking on any of its property , including inside and outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas .	0.801	banned smoking from	the University	the start of the first semester of 2010
From the start of the first semester of 2010 , the University banned smoking on any of its property , including inside and outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas .	0.696	be banned from	smoking	the start of the first semester of 2010
This may refer to a lobe of the lung , a lobe of the thyroid , or a lobe of the brain .	0.567	may be refer to	a lobe of the thyroid , or a lobe of the brain	a lobe of the lung
The extension of the University Library can be found on the second floor , and parking for 120 cars on the third to sixth floors .	0.894	can be found on	The extension of the University Library	the second floor
He returned to Cleveland , working in clubs as a singer , dancer , and comedian , often appearing in character as Prince DuMarr .	0.837	returned to	He	Cleveland
He returned to Cleveland , working in clubs as a singer , dancer , and comedian , often appearing in character as Prince DuMarr .	0.719	returned working in	He	clubs
He returned to Cleveland , working in clubs as a singer , dancer , and comedian , often appearing in character as Prince DuMarr .	0.716	often appearing in	a singer , dancer , and comedian	character
The reason she is worshiped with the ancestors is because the beloved dead are her children .	0.84	is worshiped with	she	the ancestors
The reason she is worshiped with the ancestors is because the beloved dead are her children .	0.54	is worshiped in	she	The reason
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .	0.926	fell during	Futures prices	three of five sessions
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .	0.852	fell during	the losses	three of five sessions
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .	0.851	were greater than	the losses	the advances
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .	0.789	fell in	Futures prices	last week
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .	0.753	were greater than	Futures prices	the advances
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .	0.633	fell in	the losses	last week
Created as a result of a 20-year broadcast partnership between the two entities , the network is a joint venture between the conference and ESPN Inc. .	0.924	is a joint venture between	the network	the conference and ESPN Inc.
Created as a result of a 20-year broadcast partnership between the two entities , the network is a joint venture between the conference and ESPN Inc. .	0.836	be Created as	a joint venture	a result of a 20-year broadcast partnership
Created as a result of a 20-year broadcast partnership between the two entities , the network is a joint venture between the conference and ESPN Inc. .	0.778	is	the network	a joint venture
Under the debt - equity program , potential investors will submit sealed bids on the percentage of discount they are willing to purchase the debt at , and the bids will be allocated based on these discount offers .	0.83	to purchase	they	the debt
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .	0.696	be head of	Jim Ednee	the industrial bond department
In American modernism , New York became the first stop for immigrants seeking a better life .	0.929	became the first stop for	New York	immigrants seeking a better life
In American modernism , New York became the first stop for immigrants seeking a better life .	0.796	became	New York	the first stop
In American modernism , New York became the first stop for immigrants seeking a better life .	0.764	became the first stop in	New York	American modernism
As part of several efforts to have the Gypsy Horse recognized as a breed outside the Romanichal community , a more descriptive name was sought for it , starting in the 1990s .	0.921	recognized as	the Gypsy Horse	a breed
As part of several efforts to have the Gypsy Horse recognized as a breed outside the Romanichal community , a more descriptive name was sought for it , starting in the 1990s .	0.883	was sought for	a more descriptive name	it
As part of several efforts to have the Gypsy Horse recognized as a breed outside the Romanichal community , a more descriptive name was sought for it , starting in the 1990s .	0.799	was sought as	a more descriptive name	part of several efforts
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. .	0.798	could have	The development	a dramatic effect
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. .	0.537	be president of	Murray Robinson	Delta & Pine Land Co.
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. .	0.504	be subsidiary of	Delta & Pine Land Co.	Southwide Inc.
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. .	0.444	be a dramatic effect on	The development	farm production
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. .	0.334	said of	Murray Robinson	The development
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. .	0.156	be president of	Delta & Pine Land Co.	a Southwide Inc. subsidiary
They are also known in Japan as `` Northern Territories '' .	0.944	are also known in	They	Japan
They are also known in Japan as `` Northern Territories '' .	0.907	are also known as	They	Northern Territories
As Kit escapes to start the truck outside , Brady , Claire and Duncan fight off the crocodile .	0.427	escapes to start	Kit	the truck outside
Swiftly shifting positions as only sea based power can , the fleet then sped south to provide support for the landings on Iwo Jima , begun 19 February .	0.767	can then sped south to provide	the fleet	support
Swiftly shifting positions as only sea based power can , the fleet then sped south to provide support for the landings on Iwo Jima , begun 19 February .	0.756	can then sped south to provide	based power	support
Swiftly shifting positions as only sea based power can , the fleet then sped south to provide support for the landings on Iwo Jima , begun 19 February .	0.66	be begun in	the landings	19 February
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .	0.825	will employ	the new facility	500 of the existing 600 employees
He has n't been able to replace the M'Bow cabal .	0.664	to replace	He	the M'Bow cabal
By opening for acts such as U2 and Bob Dylan , they became a popular alternative rock band of the 1980s , retaining a loyal following to the present day .	0.946	became a popular alternative rock band of	they	1980s
By opening for acts such as U2 and Bob Dylan , they became a popular alternative rock band of the 1980s , retaining a loyal following to the present day .	0.855	became	they	a popular alternative rock band of the 1980s
By opening for acts such as U2 and Bob Dylan , they became a popular alternative rock band of the 1980s , retaining a loyal following to the present day .	0.724	be retaining to	a loyal following	the present day
He previously dated Dee Plume , half of female electropunk band Robots in Disguise for around ten years before splitting in 2009/2010 and the duo appeared alongside Fielding and Barratt in `` The Mighty Boosh '' .	0.853	appeared alongside	splitting in 2009/2010 and the duo	Fielding and Barratt
He previously dated Dee Plume , half of female electropunk band Robots in Disguise for around ten years before splitting in 2009/2010 and the duo appeared alongside Fielding and Barratt in `` The Mighty Boosh '' .	0.709	previously dated Dee Plume , half of female electropunk band Robots in Disguise for	He	around ten years
He previously dated Dee Plume , half of female electropunk band Robots in Disguise for around ten years before splitting in 2009/2010 and the duo appeared alongside Fielding and Barratt in `` The Mighty Boosh '' .	0.6	previously dated	He	Dee Plume
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .	0.945	were summoned to	they	the judge 's chambers
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .	0.931	were summoned on	they	separate occasions
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .	0.734	told	Two former secretaries	the grand jury
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .	0.708	only to find the judge in	they	his bikini underwear
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .	0.636	only to be find in	the judge	his bikini underwear
Hofmann was born in Salt Lake City , Utah .	0.9	was born in	Hofmann	Salt Lake City
Hofmann was born in Salt Lake City , Utah .	0.555	was born at	Hofmann	Salt Lake City
Hofmann was born in Salt Lake City , Utah .	0.554	was born on	Hofmann	Salt Lake City
Hofmann was born in Salt Lake City , Utah .	0.494	was born in	Salt Lake City	Utah
In 1962 , Salahuddin won from Patharghatti assembly seat as an Independent candidate and later from Charminar constituency in 1967 .	0.853	won later from Charminar constituency in 1967 from	Salahuddin	Patharghatti assembly seat
In 1962 , Salahuddin won from Patharghatti assembly seat as an Independent candidate and later from Charminar constituency in 1967 .	0.649	won later from Charminar constituency in 1967 in	Salahuddin	1962
In 1962 , Salahuddin won from Patharghatti assembly seat as an Independent candidate and later from Charminar constituency in 1967 .	0.292	won later from Charminar constituency in 1967	Salahuddin	1962
If the second excitation pulse is sent prematurely before the relaxation is complete , the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction , giving suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse .	0.847	still points in	the average magnetization vector	a nonparallel direction
If the second excitation pulse is sent prematurely before the relaxation is complete , the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction , giving suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse .	0.655	still points giving	the average magnetization vector	suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse
If the second excitation pulse is sent prematurely before the relaxation is complete , the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction , giving suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse .	0.598	is	the relaxation	complete
The LPP contested a total of 31 ridings under the leadership of Leslie Morris who was defeated in the Toronto riding of Bracondale .	0.859	contested a total of 31 ridings under	The LPP	the leadership of Leslie Morris
The LPP contested a total of 31 ridings under the leadership of Leslie Morris who was defeated in the Toronto riding of Bracondale .	0.843	be contested under	a total of 31 ridings	the leadership of Leslie Morris
The LPP contested a total of 31 ridings under the leadership of Leslie Morris who was defeated in the Toronto riding of Bracondale .	0.75	contested	The LPP	a total of 31 ridings
As a result , environmental factors are also understood to contribute heavily to the strength of intimate relationships .	0.754	are also understood as	environmental factors	a result
In AD 425 , when Rome had become Christian , Theodosius II outlawed pagan traditions as superstitious .	0.9	outlawed pagan traditions as	Christian	superstitious
In AD 425 , when Rome had become Christian , Theodosius II outlawed pagan traditions as superstitious .	0.749	outlawed pagan	Christian	traditions
Arminius , leader of the Cherusci and allies , now had a free hand .	0.788	now had	Arminius	a free hand
Arminius , leader of the Cherusci and allies , now had a free hand .	0.623	be leader of	Arminius	the Cherusci and allies
Anthony 's novels usually end with a chapter-long Author 's Note , in which he talks about himself , his life , and his experiences as they related to the process of writing the novel .	0.895	related to	they	the process writing the novel
Anthony 's novels usually end with a chapter-long Author 's Note , in which he talks about himself , his life , and his experiences as they related to the process of writing the novel .	0.783	usually end with	Anthony 's novels	a chapter-long Author 's Note
Anthony 's novels usually end with a chapter-long Author 's Note , in which he talks about himself , his life , and his experiences as they related to the process of writing the novel .	0.676	talks about	he	himself
Anthony 's novels usually end with a chapter-long Author 's Note , in which he talks about himself , his life , and his experiences as they related to the process of writing the novel .	0.394	be Note of	his life	a chapter-long Author
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .	0.915	will be held in	the December meeting	the unusual setting of ships
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .	0.875	to limit participation to	the two sides	small groups of advisers
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .	0.858	will be held at	the December meeting	sea
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .	0.798	to limit	the two sides	participation
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .	0.772	to limit to be	participation	small groups of advisers
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .	0.753	will be held of	the December meeting	ships
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .	0.516	will be held on	the December meeting	sea
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .	0.505	setting of	unusual	ships
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .	0.176	be just groups of	small	advisers
Courtelary is first mentioned in 968 as `` Curtis Alerici '' in a list of the properties of Moutier-Grandval Abbey .	0.945	is first mentioned in	Courtelary	a list of the properties of Moutier-Grandval Abbey
Courtelary is first mentioned in 968 as `` Curtis Alerici '' in a list of the properties of Moutier-Grandval Abbey .	0.935	is first mentioned in	Courtelary	968
Courtelary is first mentioned in 968 as `` Curtis Alerici '' in a list of the properties of Moutier-Grandval Abbey .	0.876	is first mentioned as	Courtelary	Curtis Alerici
He moved to New York , where he played in many summer-stock - and off-broadway-productions .	0.806	played in	he	many summer-stock
He moved to New York , where he played in many summer-stock - and off-broadway-productions .	0.802	moved to	He	New York
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .	0.786	have learned to turn on	advertisers	a dime
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .	0.52	to be crash out in	ads	days or even hours
For example , in 1900 the thicktail chub was the most common freshwater fish found in California ; 70 years later not a single living individual existed .	0.852	found in	the most common freshwater fish	California
For example , in 1900 the thicktail chub was the most common freshwater fish found in California ; 70 years later not a single living individual existed .	0.746	was the most common freshwater fish in	the thicktail chub	1900
For example , in 1900 the thicktail chub was the most common freshwater fish found in California ; 70 years later not a single living individual existed .	0.656	was	the thicktail chub	the most common freshwater fish
For example , in 1900 the thicktail chub was the most common freshwater fish found in California ; 70 years later not a single living individual existed .	0.45	was the most common freshwater fish for	the thicktail chub	example
He lived past all these times reaching the age of ninety-eight when he finally died in 49 BC .	0.806	finally died in	he	49
He lived past all these times reaching the age of ninety-eight when he finally died in 49 BC .	0.482	finally died	he	49
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .	0.92	has had major losses in	Western Union	recent years
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .	0.867	has faltered in	its telex business	the face of competition
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .	0.85	has had	Western Union	major losses
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .	0.804	has had in	major losses	recent years
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .	0.72	has had major losses	Western Union	recent years
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .	0.706	the face have of	other business ventures	competition
Other people that can be classified using this title include the Vice President and Cabinet secretaries .	0.711	include	Other people that can be classified using this title	the Vice President and Cabinet secretaries
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''	0.78	were	30 % of the loans	dead meat
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''	0.758	were dead meat on	30 % of the loans	the day they were made
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''	0.643	were made in	they	the day
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''	0.323	be 30 % of	dead meat	the loans he sampled
Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion .	0.729	producing new members by	parents	procreation
Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion .	0.675	be producing by	new members	procreation
But ex-slaves were able to own property outright , and their children were free of all constraint .	0.888	were free of	their children	all constraint
But ex-slaves were able to own property outright , and their children were free of all constraint .	0.79	were	ex-slaves	able to own property outright , and their children were free of all constraint
But ex-slaves were able to own property outright , and their children were free of all constraint .	0.742	were free of	ex-slaves	all constraint
But ex-slaves were able to own property outright , and their children were free of all constraint .	0.561	to own outright	ex-slaves	property
But ex-slaves were able to own property outright , and their children were free of all constraint .	0.465	to own outright	their children	property
Within a month of starting , he was accepted as a dresser at the hospital , assisting surgeons during operations , the equivalent of a junior house surgeon today .	0.907	was accepted as	he	a dresser
Within a month of starting , he was accepted as a dresser at the hospital , assisting surgeons during operations , the equivalent of a junior house surgeon today .	0.706	was accepted within	he	a month starting
Within a month of starting , he was accepted as a dresser at the hospital , assisting surgeons during operations , the equivalent of a junior house surgeon today .	0.675	be assisting during	surgeons	operations
Within a month of starting , he was accepted as a dresser at the hospital , assisting surgeons during operations , the equivalent of a junior house surgeon today .	0.456	be the equivalent of	today	a junior house surgeon
The town is sited on a narrow isthmus , with Lough Currane on the east side of the town , and Ballinskelligs Bay on the west , and the Currane River connecting the two .	0.926	is sited on	The town	the east side of the town
The town is sited on a narrow isthmus , with Lough Currane on the east side of the town , and Ballinskelligs Bay on the west , and the Currane River connecting the two .	0.9	is sited on	The town	a narrow isthmus
The town is sited on a narrow isthmus , with Lough Currane on the east side of the town , and Ballinskelligs Bay on the west , and the Currane River connecting the two .	0.898	is sited with	The town	Lough Currane
Furthermore , knowledge and interest pertaining to the event , as well as the level of importance , contribute to the frequency of rehearsal .	0.761	Furthermore contribute to	knowledge and interest pertaining	the frequency of rehearsal
Earlier yesterday , the Societe de Bourses Francaises was told that a unit of Framatome S.A. also bought Navigation Mixte shares , this purchase covering more than 160,000 shares .	0.797	also bought Navigation Mixte shares	a unit of Framatome S.A.	this purchase covering more than 160,000 shares
Earlier yesterday , the Societe de Bourses Francaises was told that a unit of Framatome S.A. also bought Navigation Mixte shares , this purchase covering more than 160,000 shares .	0.381	also bought this purchase covering more than 160,000 shares	a unit of Framatome S.A.	Navigation Mixte shares
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .	0.915	rose 10 % in	residential buildings	September
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .	0.86	rose	residential buildings	10 %
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .	0.817	be rose in	10 %	September
Another well-known species is the Jumping Bean Moth , whose caterpillars live in `` Sebastiania '' seeds , turning them into the famous `` Mexican jumping beans '' .	0.812	live in	whose caterpillars	Sebastiania '' seeds
Another well-known species is the Jumping Bean Moth , whose caterpillars live in `` Sebastiania '' seeds , turning them into the famous `` Mexican jumping beans '' .	0.717	turning them into	Sebastiania '' seeds	the famous `` Mexican jumping beans
Another well-known species is the Jumping Bean Moth , whose caterpillars live in `` Sebastiania '' seeds , turning them into the famous `` Mexican jumping beans '' .	0.704	is	Another well-known species	the Jumping Bean Moth
Another well-known species is the Jumping Bean Moth , whose caterpillars live in `` Sebastiania '' seeds , turning them into the famous `` Mexican jumping beans '' .	0.563	be turning into	them	the famous `` Mexican jumping beans
He was separated from his family as a young boy during the Cuban Revolution when he was sent to the United States to live with a foster family through an outreach program while his father was placed in a Cuban prison .	0.903	was placed in	his father	a Cuban prison
He was separated from his family as a young boy during the Cuban Revolution when he was sent to the United States to live with a foster family through an outreach program while his father was placed in a Cuban prison .	0.885	was sent to	he	the United States
He was separated from his family as a young boy during the Cuban Revolution when he was sent to the United States to live with a foster family through an outreach program while his father was placed in a Cuban prison .	0.864	was separated as	He	a young boy
He was separated from his family as a young boy during the Cuban Revolution when he was sent to the United States to live with a foster family through an outreach program while his father was placed in a Cuban prison .	0.862	was separated from	He	his family
He was separated from his family as a young boy during the Cuban Revolution when he was sent to the United States to live with a foster family through an outreach program while his father was placed in a Cuban prison .	0.765	to live with	he	a foster family
He was separated from his family as a young boy during the Cuban Revolution when he was sent to the United States to live with a foster family through an outreach program while his father was placed in a Cuban prison .	0.717	to live through	he	an outreach program
He wrote for the Roman daily Il Paese , which ceased publication at the end of 1922 , after its offices were destroyed by Fascist `` squadristi '' .	0.88	were destroyed by	its offices	Fascist `` squadristi
He wrote for the Roman daily Il Paese , which ceased publication at the end of 1922 , after its offices were destroyed by Fascist `` squadristi '' .	0.815	wrote for	He	the Roman daily Il Paese
He wrote for the Roman daily Il Paese , which ceased publication at the end of 1922 , after its offices were destroyed by Fascist `` squadristi '' .	0.795	be ceased at	publication	the end of 1922
He wrote for the Roman daily Il Paese , which ceased publication at the end of 1922 , after its offices were destroyed by Fascist `` squadristi '' .	0.747	ceased publication at	the Roman daily Il Paese	the end of 1922
Dodo was originally intended to have a `` common '' accent , and is portrayed this way at the end of `` The Massacre '' .	0.874	is portrayed this way at	Dodo	the end of `` The Massacre
Dodo was originally intended to have a `` common '' accent , and is portrayed this way at the end of `` The Massacre '' .	0.676	is portrayed	Dodo	this way
Team Racing is a NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series team .	0.84	is team in	Team Racing	NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series
Team Racing is a NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series team .	0.732	is	Team Racing	a NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series team
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .	0.822	predicts	Mr. Doyle	a trend
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .	0.631	being sold at	fewer pieces of home exercise equipment	higher prices
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .	0.724	will buy back	it	as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s , but was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .	0.766	was	His son	an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s , but was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .	0.609	be building in	a human-powered flying machine	the 1890s
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s , but was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .	0.556	could complete	he	it
However , the two papers had shared the same editorial staff since the 1980s .	0.784	However had shared the same editorial staff since	the two papers	1980s
However , the two papers had shared the same editorial staff since the 1980s .	0.741	However had shared	the two papers	the same editorial staff
He represented the riding of Nickel Belt in the Sudbury , Ontario area .	0.816	represented	He	the riding of Nickel Belt
After a short rest , the division drove across the Cecina River to liberate Livorno , 19 July 1944 , and continued on to take Monte Belmonte in October during the fighting on the Gothic Line .	0.833	drove continued across	the division	the Cecina River
After a short rest , the division drove across the Cecina River to liberate Livorno , 19 July 1944 , and continued on to take Monte Belmonte in October during the fighting on the Gothic Line .	0.757	to be take during	Monte Belmonte	the fighting
After a short rest , the division drove across the Cecina River to liberate Livorno , 19 July 1944 , and continued on to take Monte Belmonte in October during the fighting on the Gothic Line .	0.741	to be take in	Monte Belmonte	October
After a short rest , the division drove across the Cecina River to liberate Livorno , 19 July 1944 , and continued on to take Monte Belmonte in October during the fighting on the Gothic Line .	0.604	drove continued to liberate	the division	Livorno
After a short rest , the division drove across the Cecina River to liberate Livorno , 19 July 1944 , and continued on to take Monte Belmonte in October during the fighting on the Gothic Line .	0.458	drove continued after	the division	a short rest
Summis desiderantes affectibus was a papal bull issued by Pope Innocent VIII on December 5 , 1484 .	0.791	was	Summis desiderantes affectibus	a papal bull issued by Pope Innocent VIII on December 5 , 1484
Summis desiderantes affectibus was a papal bull issued by Pope Innocent VIII on December 5 , 1484 .	0.79	be issued by	a papal bull	Pope Innocent VIII
Summis desiderantes affectibus was a papal bull issued by Pope Innocent VIII on December 5 , 1484 .	0.782	be issued on	a papal bull	December 5 , 1484
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .	0.757	make	me	a few tangential remarks
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .	0.514	be just a few tangential remarks about	me	lawful demonstrations
El Camino High School offers the recommended A-G courses based upon the University of California that illustrates the minimum level of academic preparation students ought to achieve in high school to undertake university level work .	0.881	offers	El Camino High School	the recommended A-G courses based upon the University of California
El Camino High School offers the recommended A-G courses based upon the University of California that illustrates the minimum level of academic preparation students ought to achieve in high school to undertake university level work .	0.854	be based upon	the recommended A-G courses	the University of California
The 2006 Dublin Senior Football Championship was an edition of an annual Gaelic football competition organized by the Dublin County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association in Ireland .	0.952	was an edition of	The 2006 Dublin Senior Football Championship	an annual Gaelic football competition organized by the Dublin County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association in Ireland
The 2006 Dublin Senior Football Championship was an edition of an annual Gaelic football competition organized by the Dublin County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association in Ireland .	0.781	be organized by	an annual Gaelic football competition	the Dublin County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association
The 2006 Dublin Senior Football Championship was an edition of an annual Gaelic football competition organized by the Dublin County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association in Ireland .	0.726	was	The 2006 Dublin Senior Football Championship	an edition of an annual Gaelic football competition
The 2006 Dublin Senior Football Championship was an edition of an annual Gaelic football competition organized by the Dublin County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association in Ireland .	0.509	be organized in	an annual Gaelic football competition	Ireland
Josephus indicates that the Pharisees received the backing and good-will of the common people , apparently in contrast to the more elite Sadducees associated with the ruling classes .	0.818	received the backing and good-will of the common people in	the Pharisees	contrast
Josephus indicates that the Pharisees received the backing and good-will of the common people , apparently in contrast to the more elite Sadducees associated with the ruling classes .	0.804	be received in	the backing and good-will of the common people	contrast
Josephus indicates that the Pharisees received the backing and good-will of the common people , apparently in contrast to the more elite Sadducees associated with the ruling classes .	0.756	received good-will in	the Pharisees	contrast
Josephus indicates that the Pharisees received the backing and good-will of the common people , apparently in contrast to the more elite Sadducees associated with the ruling classes .	0.729	received	the Pharisees	the backing and good-will of the common people
Josephus indicates that the Pharisees received the backing and good-will of the common people , apparently in contrast to the more elite Sadducees associated with the ruling classes .	0.705	be associated with	the more elite Sadducees	the ruling classes
Josephus indicates that the Pharisees received the backing and good-will of the common people , apparently in contrast to the more elite Sadducees associated with the ruling classes .	0.579	received good-will of	the Pharisees	the common people
Some researchers recognized that previous studies of flashbulb memories are limited by the reliance on small sample groups of few nationalities , thus limiting the comparison of memory consistency across different variables .	0.886	are limited by	previous studies of flashbulb memories	the reliance
Some researchers recognized that previous studies of flashbulb memories are limited by the reliance on small sample groups of few nationalities , thus limiting the comparison of memory consistency across different variables .	0.133	be sample groups of	small	few nationalities
Spielberger was formerly Chairman of the Psychology Department at the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida and in 2012 belonged to a think tank there .	0.9	was formerly Chairman of the Psychology Department at	Spielberger	the University of South Florida
Spielberger was formerly Chairman of the Psychology Department at the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida and in 2012 belonged to a think tank there .	0.888	was formerly Chairman of	Spielberger	the Psychology Department
Spielberger was formerly Chairman of the Psychology Department at the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida and in 2012 belonged to a think tank there .	0.852	was formerly	Spielberger	Chairman of the Psychology Department
Spielberger was formerly Chairman of the Psychology Department at the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida and in 2012 belonged to a think tank there .	0.798	belonged to	Spielberger	a think tank
Spielberger was formerly Chairman of the Psychology Department at the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida and in 2012 belonged to a think tank there .	0.745	belonged in	Spielberger	2012
Spielberger was formerly Chairman of the Psychology Department at the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida and in 2012 belonged to a think tank there .	0.489	be the University of	Florida	South Florida
Spielberger was formerly Chairman of the Psychology Department at the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida and in 2012 belonged to a think tank there .	0.347	be the University of South Florida in	Florida	Tampa
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .	0.894	was taken to	trading outcry	a new level
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .	0.803	are forming	it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies	an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading
The building has nine floors with classrooms of different sizes : lecture rooms with the capacity to hold 120 students , regular classrooms that can hold at most 45 students , and small classrooms for 25 students .	0.712	has	The building	nine floors
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .	0.641	do n't know	I	whose toes I 've stepped on
Mr. Mehl attributed the rise specifically to the Treasury bill increase .	0.779	be attributed to	the rise	the Treasury bill increase
Mr. Mehl attributed the rise specifically to the Treasury bill increase .	0.774	attributed the rise to	Mr. Mehl	the Treasury bill increase
Mr. Mehl attributed the rise specifically to the Treasury bill increase .	0.632	attributed	Mr. Mehl	the rise
`` Everyone else is going to catch up '' with Nissan 's innovative designs , says A. Rama Krishna , auto analyst at First Boston ( Japan ) Ltd .	0.667	is going to catch up with	Everyone else	Nissan 's innovative designs
`` Everyone else is going to catch up '' with Nissan 's innovative designs , says A. Rama Krishna , auto analyst at First Boston ( Japan ) Ltd .	0.557	be auto analyst at	A. Rama Krishna	First Boston
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .	0.931	surrendered warrants in	its controlling shareholders and top officers	exchange
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .	0.903	surrendered preferred stock in	its controlling shareholders and top officers	exchange
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .	0.895	surrendered	its controlling shareholders and top officers	warrants and preferred stock
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .	0.838	be surrendered in	warrants and preferred stock	exchange
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .	0.798	completed	it	a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .	0.772	said in	Avery	a related development
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .	0.493	said	Avery	a related development
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .	0.43	said to	a related development	Avery
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''	0.672	expected	he	any `` substantial decisions or agreements
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .	0.772	to be drape in	yourself	the flag
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .	0.734	's very	It	popular
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .	0.61	be a partner at	Richard Winger	Boston Consulting Group
Many crop cultivars show strong allelopathic properties , of which rice has been most studied .	0.773	show	Many crop cultivars	strong allelopathic properties of which rice has been most studied
Many crop cultivars show strong allelopathic properties , of which rice has been most studied .	0.472	has been studied in	rice	strong allelopathic properties
To identify students who may be eligible for special education services , various screening activities are conducted on an ongoing basis .	0.914	are conducted on	students who may be eligible for special education services , various screening activities	an ongoing basis
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .	0.766	issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit	it	card receivables
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .	0.706	be backed by	securities	credit
The distinction between Primary and Secondary groups serves to identify between two orders of social organisation through analysis of the group relationships and their nature .	0.905	serves to identify between	The distinction	two orders of social organisation
The distinction between Primary and Secondary groups serves to identify between two orders of social organisation through analysis of the group relationships and their nature .	0.834	serves to identify through	The distinction	analysis of the group relationships
Each of the programs uses a combination of funding priorities and geographic requirements to select grants , described on the foundation 's web site .	0.684	be described on	grants	the foundation 's web site
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard - line Polish communist in exile directs the human - rights and peace division .	0.859	is in	a former head of an African military tribunal	charge of culture
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard - line Polish communist in exile directs the human - rights and peace division .	0.855	remain in	Soviets	charge of education programs
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard - line Polish communist in exile directs the human - rights and peace division .	0.772	directs	a hard - line Polish communist	the human - rights and peace division
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard - line Polish communist in exile directs the human - rights and peace division .	0.666	directs	Soviets	the human - rights and peace division
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard - line Polish communist in exile directs the human - rights and peace division .	0.555	remain in	a hard - line Polish communist	charge of education programs
In 1575 , Franco 's first volume of poetry was published , her `` Terze rime '' , containing 18 `` capitoli '' by her and 7 by men writing in her praise .	0.784	was published in	Franco 's first volume of poetry	1575
In 1575 , Franco 's first volume of poetry was published , her `` Terze rime '' , containing 18 `` capitoli '' by her and 7 by men writing in her praise .	0.406	writing in	men	her praise
Shurkin sets out with the Sheriff to find the crocodile , while Lester is seen to be feeding the crocodile , but is eventually devoured himself .	0.892	sets out with	Shurkin	the Sheriff to find the crocodile
The fundraiser was successful , and the trip occurred from June through September of 2014 .	0.9	occurred from	The fundraiser	June
The fundraiser was successful , and the trip occurred from June through September of 2014 .	0.895	occurred from	the trip	June
The fundraiser was successful , and the trip occurred from June through September of 2014 .	0.669	was	The fundraiser	successful
The fundraiser was successful , and the trip occurred from June through September of 2014 .	0.482	was	the trip	successful
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .	0.875	did n't lose touch with	they	the U.S. issuers
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .	0.846	did n't lose	they	touch
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .	0.778	did n't lose with	touch	the U.S. issuers
At the same time , in her scenic works , portraits we can see that Speranskaya is acute portraitist-psychologist .	0.662	is	Speranskaya	acute portraitist-psychologist
The essay influenced Panter 's friend Matt Groening , who later went on to become the creator of `` The Simpsons '' .	0.767	influenced	The essay	Panter 's friend Matt Groening
The essay influenced Panter 's friend Matt Groening , who later went on to become the creator of `` The Simpsons '' .	0.618	be friend of	Matt Groening	Panter
During the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee in November 1955 , Haile Selassie introduced a revised constitution , whereby he retained effective power , while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body .	0.868	introduced	Haile Selassie	a revised constitution whereby he retained effective power , while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament
During the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee in November 1955 , Haile Selassie introduced a revised constitution , whereby he retained effective power , while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body .	0.739	be introduced during	a revised constitution whereby he retained effective power , while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament	the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee
During the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee in November 1955 , Haile Selassie introduced a revised constitution , whereby he retained effective power , while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body .	0.707	be extending to	political participation	the people
During the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee in November 1955 , Haile Selassie introduced a revised constitution , whereby he retained effective power , while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body .	0.672	retained	he	effective power
During the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee in November 1955 , Haile Selassie introduced a revised constitution , whereby he retained effective power , while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body .	0.55	introduced a revised constitution , whereby he retained effective power , while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body during	Haile Selassie	the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee
The `` natmandira '' , the spacious congregational hall attached to the `` sanctum '' , resembles a church .	0.746	be attached to	the spacious congregational hall	the `` sanctum
The `` natmandira '' , the spacious congregational hall attached to the `` sanctum '' , resembles a church .	0.609	resembles	The `` natmandira	a church
The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement .	0.881	sent to	President Bush	Colombian President Virgilio Barco
The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement .	0.635	was	it	possible
The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement .	0.46	said	he	President Bush
The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement .	0.373	said	President Bush	President Bush
Language B then begins to supplant language A : the speakers of Language A abandon their own language in favor of the other language , generally because they believe that it will help them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings .	0.722	abandon	the speakers of Language	their own language
Language B then begins to supplant language A : the speakers of Language A abandon their own language in favor of the other language , generally because they believe that it will help them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings .	0.711	achieve	them	certain goals
Language B then begins to supplant language A : the speakers of Language A abandon their own language in favor of the other language , generally because they believe that it will help them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings .	0.218	be language in	own	favor of the other language
Today it is managed by the Outdoor Programs Office and staffed by Dartmouth College and Dartmouth Outing Club students and recent alumni .	0.84	is managed by	it	the Outdoor Programs Office
Today it is managed by the Outdoor Programs Office and staffed by Dartmouth College and Dartmouth Outing Club students and recent alumni .	0.837	be staffed by	it	Dartmouth College and Dartmouth Outing Club students and recent alumni
Meanwhile , the Mason City Division continued to operate as usual .	0.862	Meanwhile continued to operate as	the Mason City Division	usual
Meanwhile , the Mason City Division continued to operate as usual .	0.81	to operate as	the Mason City Division	usual
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .	0.758	Ultimately view this as	the specialists	another step
It said financing would consist of $ 250 million from a private placement obtained through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and a $ 150 million revolving credit line underwritten by Chase Manhattan Bank .	0.853	would consist from	financing	a private placement obtained through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and a $ 150 million revolving credit line underwritten by Chase Manhattan Bank
It said financing would consist of $ 250 million from a private placement obtained through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and a $ 150 million revolving credit line underwritten by Chase Manhattan Bank .	0.607	be underwritten by	a private placement obtained through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and a $ 150 million revolving credit line	Chase Manhattan Bank
There are municipal elections every four years since 1990 and regional elections every four years starting in 2000 ; in the autumn .	0.739	are since	municipal elections	1990 and regional elections
There are municipal elections every four years since 1990 and regional elections every four years starting in 2000 ; in the autumn .	0.681	starting in	every four years	2000
There are municipal elections every four years since 1990 and regional elections every four years starting in 2000 ; in the autumn .	0.642	are in	municipal elections	the autumn
He began to write books at the age of 7 , and continued through high school .	0.86	began to write books at	He	the age of 7
He began to write books at the age of 7 , and continued through high school .	0.768	to write books at	He	the age of 7
He began to write books at the age of 7 , and continued through high school .	0.761	began to write	He	books
He began to write books at the age of 7 , and continued through high school .	0.737	continued through	He	high school
He began to write books at the age of 7 , and continued through high school .	0.728	to be write at	books	the age of 7
He began to write books at the age of 7 , and continued through high school .	0.7	to write	He	books
For liquid-packed vessels , thermal relief valves are generally characterized by the relatively small size of the valve necessary to provide protection from excess pressure caused by thermal expansion .	0.705	be caused by	excess pressure	thermal expansion
For liquid-packed vessels , thermal relief valves are generally characterized by the relatively small size of the valve necessary to provide protection from excess pressure caused by thermal expansion .	0.563	are generally characterized for	thermal relief valves	liquid-packed vessels
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal-based and urbanised division .	0.853	However became less safe for	it	the Nationals
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal-based and urbanised division .	0.81	has reduced it to	less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth	a more coastal-based and urbanised division
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal-based and urbanised division .	0.798	However became less safe from	it	1983 onward
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal-based and urbanised division .	0.706	However became	it	less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal-based and urbanised division .	0.647	has reduced	less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth	it
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal-based and urbanised division .	0.602	has reduced to	it	a more coastal-based and urbanised division
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal-based and urbanised division .	0.539	progressively lose	it	its rural territory
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal-based and urbanised division .	0.433	be strong population growth over	it	the last three decades
The second was named after former US President George H. W. Bush stayed aboard in November 1995 .	0.892	was named after	The second	former US President George H. W. Bush
They also shot through the burning windows of the church to ensure that no one made it out alive .	0.953	also shot through	They	the burning windows of the church
They also shot through the burning windows of the church to ensure that no one made it out alive .	0.531	made out	no one	it
I worry more about things becoming so unraveled on the other side that they might become unable to negotiate .	0.753	might become	they	unable
I worry more about things becoming so unraveled on the other side that they might become unable to negotiate .	0.684	worry about	I	things becoming so unraveled on the other side that they might become unable to negotiate
I worry more about things becoming so unraveled on the other side that they might become unable to negotiate .	0.395	becoming so unraveled on	things	the other side
They believe in God as a single entity , not as the Trinity accepted by the vast majority of Christians .	0.876	believe in	They	God
They believe in God as a single entity , not as the Trinity accepted by the vast majority of Christians .	0.86	believe as	They	a single entity , not
They believe in God as a single entity , not as the Trinity accepted by the vast majority of Christians .	0.758	be accepted by	the Trinity	the vast majority of Christians
Wildlife in the area includes the endangered Inyo Mountains Salamander and the Desert Bighorn Sheep .	0.795	includes	Wildlife	the endangered Inyo Mountains Salamander and the Desert Bighorn Sheep
They have webbed feet in order to move more easily across desert sand .	0.844	have webbed	They	feet
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .	0.925	are heartened by	Plant operators	Mr. Ruffo 's pledge
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .	0.793	be associated with	corruption	the ruling party officials
Separately , Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said they are recalling about 88,500 1988 - model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6 - liter fuel - injected engines to replace the oil filler cap .	0.786	equipped with	model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s	1.6
Separately , Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said they are recalling about 88,500 1988 - model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6 - liter fuel - injected engines to replace the oil filler cap .	0.696	injected	about 88,500 1988	engines
Separately , Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said they are recalling about 88,500 1988 - model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6 - liter fuel - injected engines to replace the oil filler cap .	0.663	injected engines to replace	about 88,500 1988	the oil filler cap
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .	0.76	adorned	Baskets of roses and potted palms	his bench
In the post - `` Gregg '' era Texas has executed over four times more inmates than Virginia and nearly 37 times more inmates than California .	0.827	has executed	Gregg '' era Texas	over four times more inmates than Virginia and nearly 37 times more inmates
In the post - `` Gregg '' era Texas has executed over four times more inmates than Virginia and nearly 37 times more inmates than California .	0.556	has executed over four times more inmates than Virginia in	Gregg '' era Texas	the post
In the post - `` Gregg '' era Texas has executed over four times more inmates than Virginia and nearly 37 times more inmates than California .	0.464	has executed nearly 37 times more inmates than California in	Gregg '' era Texas	the post
He lodged near the hospital at 28 St Thomas 's Street in Southwark , with other medical students , including Henry Stephens who became a famous inventor and ink magnate .	0.891	lodged near	He	the hospital
He lodged near the hospital at 28 St Thomas 's Street in Southwark , with other medical students , including Henry Stephens who became a famous inventor and ink magnate .	0.686	lodged with	He	other medical students
The third known version is part number 2189014-00-212 , with at least one model being produced in February 1993 .	0.927	is part number 2189014-00-212 with	The third known version	at least one model being produced in February 1993
The third known version is part number 2189014-00-212 , with at least one model being produced in February 1993 .	0.667	is	The third known version	part number 2189014-00-212
The third known version is part number 2189014-00-212 , with at least one model being produced in February 1993 .	0.631	being produced in	at least one model	February 1993
Nyenkha is spoken in the western half of the district , straddling the border with Wangdue Phodrang District .	0.946	is spoken in	Nyenkha	the western half of the district
Nyenkha is spoken in the western half of the district , straddling the border with Wangdue Phodrang District .	0.711	be straddling with	the border	Wangdue Phodrang District
Crowds have heard it live in concert often through the years , including a rarely performed solo version in October 1999 that was released on `` Live in Madison Square Garden '' Vol .	0.773	live often including	it	a rarely performed solo version that was released on `` Live in Madison Square Garden '' Vol
Crowds have heard it live in concert often through the years , including a rarely performed solo version in October 1999 that was released on `` Live in Madison Square Garden '' Vol .	0.627	live often in	it	concert
Crowds have heard it live in concert often through the years , including a rarely performed solo version in October 1999 that was released on `` Live in Madison Square Garden '' Vol .	0.627	live often through	it	the years
Now Mr. Broberg , a lawyer , claims he 'd play for free .	0.798	'd play for	he	free
Soon afterwards , Davis switched to the major Columbia record label and recorded seven albums over the next five years with producer Leo Graham and arranger James Mack who had collaborated with him for `` Turning Point '' .	0.916	recorded seven albums over	Davis	the next five years
Soon afterwards , Davis switched to the major Columbia record label and recorded seven albums over the next five years with producer Leo Graham and arranger James Mack who had collaborated with him for `` Turning Point '' .	0.853	Soon afterwards switched to	Davis	the major Columbia record label
Soon afterwards , Davis switched to the major Columbia record label and recorded seven albums over the next five years with producer Leo Graham and arranger James Mack who had collaborated with him for `` Turning Point '' .	0.842	recorded	Davis	seven albums
Soon afterwards , Davis switched to the major Columbia record label and recorded seven albums over the next five years with producer Leo Graham and arranger James Mack who had collaborated with him for `` Turning Point '' .	0.804	be recorded over	seven albums	the next five years
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .	0.801	reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at	it	its Horicon , Wis . , plant
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .	0.792	reached	it	a tentative agreement
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .	0.726	said	Deere	it
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .	0.718	be reached at	a tentative agreement	its Horicon , Wis . , plant
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .	0.547	reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union ending	it	old strike
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .	0.527	said	Co.	it
Pius XII responded to Madre Pascalina in the aftermath of the war by organizing a two tier papal charity .	0.926	responded in	Pius XII	the aftermath of the war
Pius XII responded to Madre Pascalina in the aftermath of the war by organizing a two tier papal charity .	0.913	responded to	Pius XII	Madre Pascalina
As these are read , the theme music from the 1950s television sitcom `` Leave It To Beaver '' plays under her report .	0.667	plays under	the theme music	her report
As these are read , the theme music from the 1950s television sitcom `` Leave It To Beaver '' plays under her report .	0.614	be Leave to	It	Beaver
The first comes from when Sweden 's Royal Couple lived there during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics .	0.888	lived there during	Sweden 's Royal Couple	the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics
Carl uses the `` old magic '' to tame the Deep Crow , claiming it is not his `` first time to the rodeo . ''	0.864	is not his `` first time to	it	the rodeo
Carl uses the `` old magic '' to tame the Deep Crow , claiming it is not his `` first time to the rodeo . ''	0.639	uses	Carl	the `` old magic
Carl uses the `` old magic '' to tame the Deep Crow , claiming it is not his `` first time to the rodeo . ''	0.625	is	it	not his `` first time
Carl uses the `` old magic '' to tame the Deep Crow , claiming it is not his `` first time to the rodeo . ''	0.488	uses the `` old magic to tame	Carl	the Deep Crow
This currently sees the club ranked sixth in terms of premierships won .	0.837	ranked sixth in	the club	terms of premierships
This currently sees the club ranked sixth in terms of premierships won .	0.777	ranked	the club	sixth
In response to echolocating red and big brown bats , tiger moths produce warning sounds .	0.744	produce	tiger moths	warning sounds
In response to echolocating red and big brown bats , tiger moths produce warning sounds .	0.534	produce warning sounds in	tiger moths	response
It was intended that Battra would reawaken in 1999 to prevent a large meteorite from destroying the Earth .	0.801	would reawaken in	Battra	1999
It was intended that Battra would reawaken in 1999 to prevent a large meteorite from destroying the Earth .	0.594	would reawaken to prevent	Battra	a large meteorite
Charles delayed declaring war , however , leading Shaftesbury to support a resolution of the House of Commons providing for immediately disbanding the army that Charles was raising .	0.839	to support	Shaftesbury	a resolution of the House of Commons
Charles delayed declaring war , however , leading Shaftesbury to support a resolution of the House of Commons providing for immediately disbanding the army that Charles was raising .	0.603	delayed however declaring	Charles	war
Back at the hotel , Taylor went ahead of Lemmy and told him `` Eddie 's left the band '' .	0.683	told	Taylor	him
Back at the hotel , Taylor went ahead of Lemmy and told him `` Eddie 's left the band '' .	0.677	's left	Eddie	the band
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and Clarke left the studio .	0.922	could have worked through	they	the problems
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and Clarke left the studio .	0.698	left	a few words and Clarke	the studio
Petersen 's book articulates a series of events that due to their likelihood to surprise and potential for impact might be considered ` Wildcards ' .	0.733	be a series of	Petersen 's book articulates	events that due to their likelihood to surprise and potential for impact
Petersen 's book articulates a series of events that due to their likelihood to surprise and potential for impact might be considered ` Wildcards ' .	0.509	might be considered	a series of events	Wildcards
The cathedral today has five organs in different parts of the cathedral and continues the long tradition of great organs and organists .	0.256	be parts of	different	the cathedral
`` After that , they did me no favours in the peloton '' , he said .	0.871	did me	they	no favours
`` After that , they did me no favours in the peloton '' , he said .	0.346	said	he	they
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	0.954	is a form of	His main power	energy
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	0.83	is	His main power	a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	0.675	be living from	objects and organisms	existence
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	0.662	that fires as	he	a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	0.565	that fires from	he	his eyes
On 15 January 1999 , Senchuk was appointed as governor of the Lviv region ; for some time he combined two posts .	0.928	was appointed as	Senchuk	governor of the Lviv region
On 15 January 1999 , Senchuk was appointed as governor of the Lviv region ; for some time he combined two posts .	0.89	was appointed for	Senchuk	some time he combined two posts
On 15 January 1999 , Senchuk was appointed as governor of the Lviv region ; for some time he combined two posts .	0.771	was appointed on	Senchuk	15 January 1999
On 15 January 1999 , Senchuk was appointed as governor of the Lviv region ; for some time he combined two posts .	0.721	combined	he	two posts
On 15 January 1999 , Senchuk was appointed as governor of the Lviv region ; for some time he combined two posts .	0.381	be governor of	Senchuk	the Lviv region
Local football team Ammanford A.F.C. play in the Welsh Football League Second Division , while rugby union team Ammanford RFC were formed in 1887 and play in the Welsh Rugby Union leagues .	0.832	were formed in	rugby union team Ammanford RFC	1887
Local football team Ammanford A.F.C. play in the Welsh Football League Second Division , while rugby union team Ammanford RFC were formed in 1887 and play in the Welsh Rugby Union leagues .	0.774	play in	football team Ammanford A.F.C.	the Welsh Football League Second Division
Local football team Ammanford A.F.C. play in the Welsh Football League Second Division , while rugby union team Ammanford RFC were formed in 1887 and play in the Welsh Rugby Union leagues .	0.739	be play in	football team Ammanford A.F.C.	the Welsh Football League Second Division
It has its own Tehsil office , ADC office , and a police station .	0.517	has	It	its own Tehsil office
It is often argued that only Morgan signed the report in its entirety .	0.842	signed	Morgan	the report
It is often argued that only Morgan signed the report in its entirety .	0.747	signed in	Morgan	its entirety
The two sides are also discussing certain business ventures involving cable rights to Columbia 's movies .	0.756	are also discussing	The two sides	certain business ventures involving cable rights to Columbia 's movies
Self-knowledge is linked to the cognitive self in that its motives guide our search to gain greater clarity and assurance that our own self-concept is an accurate representation of our `` true self '' ; for this reason the cognitive self is also referred to as the `` known self '' .	0.929	is linked to	Self-knowledge	the cognitive self
Self-knowledge is linked to the cognitive self in that its motives guide our search to gain greater clarity and assurance that our own self-concept is an accurate representation of our `` true self '' ; for this reason the cognitive self is also referred to as the `` known self '' .	0.869	is an accurate representation of	our own self-concept	our `` true self
Self-knowledge is linked to the cognitive self in that its motives guide our search to gain greater clarity and assurance that our own self-concept is an accurate representation of our `` true self '' ; for this reason the cognitive self is also referred to as the `` known self '' .	0.868	is also referred as	the cognitive self	the `` known self
Self-knowledge is linked to the cognitive self in that its motives guide our search to gain greater clarity and assurance that our own self-concept is an accurate representation of our `` true self '' ; for this reason the cognitive self is also referred to as the `` known self '' .	0.822	guide	its motives	our search to gain greater clarity and assurance that our own self-concept is an accurate representation of our `` true self ''
Self-knowledge is linked to the cognitive self in that its motives guide our search to gain greater clarity and assurance that our own self-concept is an accurate representation of our `` true self '' ; for this reason the cognitive self is also referred to as the `` known self '' .	0.754	is also referred for	the cognitive self	this reason
Self-knowledge is linked to the cognitive self in that its motives guide our search to gain greater clarity and assurance that our own self-concept is an accurate representation of our `` true self '' ; for this reason the cognitive self is also referred to as the `` known self '' .	0.636	is	our own self-concept	an accurate representation of our `` true self
Since the required return on government bonds for domestic and foreign holders can not be distinguished in an international market for government debt , this may mean that yields on government debt are not a good proxy for the risk free rate .	0.886	can not be distinguished in	the required return	an international market
Since the required return on government bonds for domestic and foreign holders can not be distinguished in an international market for government debt , this may mean that yields on government debt are not a good proxy for the risk free rate .	0.827	are not a good proxy for	yields	the risk free rate
Since the required return on government bonds for domestic and foreign holders can not be distinguished in an international market for government debt , this may mean that yields on government debt are not a good proxy for the risk free rate .	0.276	be yields on	not a good proxy	government debt
During the Second World War , the number of Turkish run cafes increased from 20 in 1939 to 200 in 1945 which created a demand for more Turkish Cypriot workers .	0.908	increased from	the number of Turkish run cafes	20
During the Second World War , the number of Turkish run cafes increased from 20 in 1939 to 200 in 1945 which created a demand for more Turkish Cypriot workers .	0.901	increased in	the number of Turkish run cafes	1945 which created a demand for more Turkish Cypriot workers
During the Second World War , the number of Turkish run cafes increased from 20 in 1939 to 200 in 1945 which created a demand for more Turkish Cypriot workers .	0.884	increased to	the number of Turkish run cafes	200
During the Second World War , the number of Turkish run cafes increased from 20 in 1939 to 200 in 1945 which created a demand for more Turkish Cypriot workers .	0.695	increased during	the number of Turkish run cafes	the Second World War
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .	0.686	can slow down	you	them
The clause was part of an agreement in which pilots accepted a substantial pay cut as long as no other labor group got a raise .	0.955	was part of	The clause	an agreement in which pilots accepted a substantial pay cut as long as no other labor group got a raise
The clause was part of an agreement in which pilots accepted a substantial pay cut as long as no other labor group got a raise .	0.805	was	The clause	part of an agreement
The clause was part of an agreement in which pilots accepted a substantial pay cut as long as no other labor group got a raise .	0.672	got	no other labor group	a raise
The clause was part of an agreement in which pilots accepted a substantial pay cut as long as no other labor group got a raise .	0.465	accepted as long as no other labor group got a raise	pilots	a substantial pay cut
Unfortunately , because Robin needs to maintain the secrecy of Batman and his allies , Robin is unable to reveal his true identity to Spoiler .	0.756	to reveal to be	his true identity	Spoiler
Unfortunately , because Robin needs to maintain the secrecy of Batman and his allies , Robin is unable to reveal his true identity to Spoiler .	0.747	to reveal	Robin	his true identity
Unfortunately , because Robin needs to maintain the secrecy of Batman and his allies , Robin is unable to reveal his true identity to Spoiler .	0.72	needs to maintain	Robin	the secrecy of Batman
Unfortunately , because Robin needs to maintain the secrecy of Batman and his allies , Robin is unable to reveal his true identity to Spoiler .	0.604	Unfortunately is	Robin	unable
The department came under grant-in-aid scheme of Government of Karnataka in 1992 .	0.932	came under	The department	grant-in-aid scheme of Government of Karnataka
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .	0.702	be five and two - thirds innings for	his only major league appearance	the Texas Rangers
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .	0.669	be five and two - thirds innings against	his only major league appearance	the Chicago White Sox
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .	0.649	Back in 1975 late in the season made	21 Mr. Gideon	his only major league appearance
The latest research pact bolsters Du Pont 's growing portfolio of investments in superconductors .	0.864	bolsters	The latest research pact	Du Pont 's growing portfolio of investments
He thus became convinced that the Tibetan Gelug tradition as a whole no longer embodied Tsongkhapa 's pure teachings and that he and his disciples must therefore separate from it .	0.781	thus became convinced that	He	the Tibetan Gelug tradition
He thus became convinced that the Tibetan Gelug tradition as a whole no longer embodied Tsongkhapa 's pure teachings and that he and his disciples must therefore separate from it .	0.766	must therefore separate from	he and his disciples	it
He thus became convinced that the Tibetan Gelug tradition as a whole no longer embodied Tsongkhapa 's pure teachings and that he and his disciples must therefore separate from it .	0.527	must therefore separate from	a whole	it
He thus became convinced that the Tibetan Gelug tradition as a whole no longer embodied Tsongkhapa 's pure teachings and that he and his disciples must therefore separate from it .	0.44	no longer embodied must	a whole	Tsongkhapa 's pure teachings
He thus became convinced that the Tibetan Gelug tradition as a whole no longer embodied Tsongkhapa 's pure teachings and that he and his disciples must therefore separate from it .	0.363	no longer embodied must	he and his disciples	Tsongkhapa 's pure teachings
Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart was happily married to Wonder Woman as well until her Justice Lord counterpart killed him .	0.806	was happily married as well to	Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart	Wonder Woman
Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart was happily married to Wonder Woman as well until her Justice Lord counterpart killed him .	0.731	killed	her Justice Lord counterpart	him
He was also able to more easily control his animal instincts after this second mutation .	0.772	to be more easily control after	his animal instincts	this second mutation
He was also able to more easily control his animal instincts after this second mutation .	0.7	was also	He	able
He was also able to more easily control his animal instincts after this second mutation .	0.638	to more easily control	He	his animal instincts
However , escape mutants are often generated for the former drug and less frequently for the latter drug .	0.861	However are often generated for	escape mutants	the former drug and less
This change was soon picked up by Huguenot writers , who began to expand on Calvin and promote the idea of the sovereignty of the people , ideas to which Catholic writers and preachers responded fiercely .	0.654	was soon picked up	This change	ideas
This change was soon picked up by Huguenot writers , who began to expand on Calvin and promote the idea of the sovereignty of the people , ideas to which Catholic writers and preachers responded fiercely .	0.528	was soon picked up ideas to which Catholic writers and preachers responded fiercely by	This change	Huguenot writers
The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity would have important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia .	0.798	would have	The failure of 1st Armored	important consequences
The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity would have important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia .	0.59	to be arrive as	intact and deploy	a single entity
The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity would have important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia .	0.371	be important consequences against	The failure of 1st Armored	German forces
The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity would have important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia .	0.371	be important consequences in	The failure of 1st Armored	later action
Under the agreement with the House and Senate leaders , the minimum wage would rise from the current $ 3.35 an hour to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 .	0.679	would rise under	the minimum wage	the agreement
Under the agreement with the House and Senate leaders , the minimum wage would rise from the current $ 3.35 an hour to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 .	0.649	would rise by	the minimum wage	April 1991
Programs needed to be loaded by an operator ; the processor could not boot itself .	0.71	could not boot	the processor	itself
Both the SUNY team and researchers at the National Magnet Laboratory in Cambridge , Mass. , are working with more potent magnetic brain stimulators .	0.635	are working with	the SUNY team and researchers	potent magnetic brain stimulators
Hence it can be represented by the integer notation .	0.838	Hence can be represented by	it	the integer notation
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .	0.79	will wo n't tender any of their shares under	its directors , management and subsidiaries	the offer
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .	0.636	will remain wo	its directors , management and subsidiaries	long
The famously-immobile Beuerlein had all of two rushing TDs in his entire 13-year career - both coming from the one-yard line - but Seifert was serious , stating that no one would expect a Beuerlein rush with the game on the line .	0.758	would expect	no one	a Beuerlein rush
As early as the 15th century , the French kings sent commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action .	0.885	As early as the 15th century sent commissioners to	the French kings	the provinces
As early as the 15th century , the French kings sent commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action .	0.805	be As early as the 15th century sent to	commissioners	the provinces
As early as the 15th century , the French kings sent commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action .	0.791	As early as the 15th century sent	the French kings	commissioners
As early as the 15th century , the French kings sent commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action .	0.721	As early as the 15th century sent commissioners to inspect to on	the French kings	royal and administrative affairs
As early as the 15th century , the French kings sent commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action .	0.659	to inspect to on	the French kings	royal and administrative affairs
As early as the 15th century , the French kings sent commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action .	0.62	to to take	the French kings	necessary action
As early as the 15th century , the French kings sent commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action .	0.616	As early as the 15th century sent commissioners to to take	the French kings	necessary action
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .	0.769	would change	no cash	hands
On February 3 , 2004 , the approval of Republic Act no. 9237 established Mount Apo as a protected area under the category of natural park with an area of ; with two peripheral areas of and as buffer zones , provided for its management and for other purposes .	0.829	be provided for	of and as buffer zones	its management and for other purposes
On February 3 , 2004 , the approval of Republic Act no. 9237 established Mount Apo as a protected area under the category of natural park with an area of ; with two peripheral areas of and as buffer zones , provided for its management and for other purposes .	0.704	be established as	Mount Apo	a protected area
The carpenter matched the wooden parts together like a pieces of a puzzle .	0.926	matched the wooden parts together like	The carpenter	a pieces of a puzzle
The carpenter matched the wooden parts together like a pieces of a puzzle .	0.772	be matched together like	the wooden parts	a pieces of a puzzle
The carpenter matched the wooden parts together like a pieces of a puzzle .	0.653	matched together	The carpenter	the wooden parts
By 1991 , it was apparent Charleston could no longer support two newspapers , so the `` News and Courier '' and `` Evening Post '' were merged into a single morning newspaper , `` The Post and Courier . ''	0.856	were merged into	News and Courier '' and `` Evening Post	a single morning newspaper
By 1991 , it was apparent Charleston could no longer support two newspapers , so the `` News and Courier '' and `` Evening Post '' were merged into a single morning newspaper , `` The Post and Courier . ''	0.748	could no longer support	Charleston	two newspapers
By 1991 , it was apparent Charleston could no longer support two newspapers , so the `` News and Courier '' and `` Evening Post '' were merged into a single morning newspaper , `` The Post and Courier . ''	0.47	was	it	apparent
By 1991 , it was apparent Charleston could no longer support two newspapers , so the `` News and Courier '' and `` Evening Post '' were merged into a single morning newspaper , `` The Post and Courier . ''	0.383	was apparent by	it	1991
In order to support planned TRAX expansion , UTA ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG .	0.895	ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from	UTA	Siemens AG
In order to support planned TRAX expansion , UTA ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG .	0.842	ordered	UTA	77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles
In order to support planned TRAX expansion , UTA ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG .	0.752	be ordered from	77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles	Siemens AG
Along with the day-long events are 40 hot air balloons competing from five Great Lakes Region states to achieve tasks in the air and drop bean bags on targets from the air in competition .	0.758	competing from	40 hot air balloons	five Great Lakes Region states
Along with the day-long events are 40 hot air balloons competing from five Great Lakes Region states to achieve tasks in the air and drop bean bags on targets from the air in competition .	0.558	to be achieve on	tasks	targets
Along with the day-long events are 40 hot air balloons competing from five Great Lakes Region states to achieve tasks in the air and drop bean bags on targets from the air in competition .	0.388	to be achieve from	tasks	the air
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .	0.784	would shift the burden to	it	prosecutors
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .	0.757	caused	that discrimination	any statistical racial disparities
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .	0.739	would be shift to	the burden	prosecutors
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .	0.711	would shift	it	the burden
On 1 July 1955 he was made an Officer of the Order of St John .	0.724	was made	he	an Officer of the Order of St John
On 1 July 1955 he was made an Officer of the Order of St John .	0.59	be an Officer of	he	the Order of St John
On 1 July 1955 he was made an Officer of the Order of St John .	0.284	was made an Officer of the Order of St John in	he	July 1955
Marriage to what are sometimes described as foster relations in English are permitted , although the concept is not the same as implied by the English word .	0.619	is	the concept	not the same
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .	0.597	could still be	it	profitable
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .	0.465	be an analyst at	Jeffrey Stein	McDonald
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .	0.17	be an analyst at	McDonald	Cleveland
In the years preceding the massacre , Huguenot `` political rhetoric '' had for the first time taken a tone against not just the policies of a particular monarch of France , but monarchy in general .	0.91	had for	Huguenot `` political rhetoric	the first time taken a tone against not just the policies of a particular monarch of France
In the years preceding the massacre , Huguenot `` political rhetoric '' had for the first time taken a tone against not just the policies of a particular monarch of France , but monarchy in general .	0.725	had in	Huguenot `` political rhetoric	the years preceding the massacre
In the years preceding the massacre , Huguenot `` political rhetoric '' had for the first time taken a tone against not just the policies of a particular monarch of France , but monarchy in general .	0.374	had	Huguenot `` political rhetoric	the years preceding the massacre
That method relies heavily on inductive logic , seeking to show that his Christian beliefs fit best with the evidence .	0.855	relies heavily on	That method	inductive logic
That method relies heavily on inductive logic , seeking to show that his Christian beliefs fit best with the evidence .	0.835	fit best with	his Christian beliefs	the evidence
The anthology raised several questions and started many debates on the nature of interstitiality as applied to fiction .	0.936	started many debates on	The anthology	the nature of interstitiality
The anthology raised several questions and started many debates on the nature of interstitiality as applied to fiction .	0.851	be started on	many debates	the nature of interstitiality
The anthology raised several questions and started many debates on the nature of interstitiality as applied to fiction .	0.837	started	The anthology	many debates
The anthology raised several questions and started many debates on the nature of interstitiality as applied to fiction .	0.778	raised	The anthology	several questions
The anthology raised several questions and started many debates on the nature of interstitiality as applied to fiction .	0.721	started many debates in	The anthology	the nature of interstitiality
In those commission forms with five members , this role is combined with the position of Commissioner of Public Works into a consolidated role as Commissioner of Public Works , Parks and Public Property .	0.942	is combined with	this role	the position of Commissioner of Public Works
In those commission forms with five members , this role is combined with the position of Commissioner of Public Works into a consolidated role as Commissioner of Public Works , Parks and Public Property .	0.818	is combined in	this role	those commission forms
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .	0.721	introduced	it	a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .	0.447	introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system in	it	this year
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .	0.358	introduced a kanji laser printer in	it	this year
Vaccinations against other viral diseases followed , including the successful rabies vaccination by Louis Pasteur in 1886 .	0.911	followed including	Vaccinations	the successful rabies vaccination
Hungary 's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president .	0.828	voted to hold	Hungary 's Parliament	a national referendum
Hungary 's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president .	0.779	to hold	Hungary 's Parliament	a national referendum
Hungary 's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president .	0.285	post of	new	president
Matthews released an on-air clarification the same day during his normal 5PM block of coverage on MSNBC .	0.925	released an on-air clarification the same day during	Matthews	his normal 5PM block of coverage
Matthews released an on-air clarification the same day during his normal 5PM block of coverage on MSNBC .	0.804	be released during	an on-air clarification	his normal 5PM block of coverage
Matthews released an on-air clarification the same day during his normal 5PM block of coverage on MSNBC .	0.794	released	Matthews	an on-air clarification
Starting on 1 March 1919 , an anti-Japanese demonstration continued to spread , and as the Japanese national and military police could not contain the crowds , the army and even the navy were also called in .	0.68	could not contain	the Japanese national and military police	the crowds
In criminal law , the intoxication defense is a defense by which a defendant may claim diminished responsibility on the basis of substance intoxication .	0.885	may be diminished responsibility on	a defendant	the basis of substance intoxication
In criminal law , the intoxication defense is a defense by which a defendant may claim diminished responsibility on the basis of substance intoxication .	0.793	is	the intoxication defense	a defense by which a defendant may claim diminished responsibility on the basis of substance intoxication
In criminal law , the intoxication defense is a defense by which a defendant may claim diminished responsibility on the basis of substance intoxication .	0.746	is a defense in	the intoxication defense	criminal law
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .	0.852	joined Nissan in	old designer of vehicle interiors	1982
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .	0.831	be joined in	Nissan	1982
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .	0.644	be old designer of	Satoko Kitada	vehicle interiors
In 2007 , private corporations controlled 80 % of the cable television channels , 100 % of the newspaper companies , and 706 out of 709 radio stations .	0.776	controlled	private corporations	80 % of the cable television channels
In 2007 , private corporations controlled 80 % of the cable television channels , 100 % of the newspaper companies , and 706 out of 709 radio stations .	0.749	be 100 % of	private corporations	the newspaper companies
In 2007 , private corporations controlled 80 % of the cable television channels , 100 % of the newspaper companies , and 706 out of 709 radio stations .	0.572	controlled 80 % of the cable television channels in	private corporations	2007
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .	0.635	will draw	Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez	the right conclusion
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .	0.573	will draw the right conclusion from	Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez	his narrow election victory
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .	0.509	will be draw from	the right conclusion	his narrow election victory
Although they are Italian , composers typically use them even if they have written their initial tempo marking in some other language .	0.789	marking in	their initial tempo	some other language
Although they are Italian , composers typically use them even if they have written their initial tempo marking in some other language .	0.634	typically use	composers	them
Although they are Italian , composers typically use them even if they have written their initial tempo marking in some other language .	0.136	even have written	they	their initial tempo marking in some other language
on August 25 , as part of a trade that brought Torrie Wilson and Candice Michelle to `` Raw '' .	0.72	be brought to	Torrie Wilson and Candice Michelle	Raw
on August 25 , as part of a trade that brought Torrie Wilson and Candice Michelle to `` Raw '' .	0.632	brought Torrie Wilson to	a trade	Raw
on August 25 , as part of a trade that brought Torrie Wilson and Candice Michelle to `` Raw '' .	0.543	brought Candice Michelle to	a trade	Raw
The Chapters of Bremen Cathedral and part of the administration were located within the city boundary in a district of immunity and extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter , where the city council would refrain to interfere .	0.908	were located within	The Chapters of Bremen Cathedral and part of the administration	the city boundary
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .	0.906	is scheduled as	The House	a substitute
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .	0.735	to vote on	The House	the compromise
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .	0.671	feared	he	retribution
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .	0.627	did n't complain either to	he	the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board
A series of councils were held in 657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080 .	0.919	were held in	A series of councils	657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080
A series of councils were held in 657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080 .	0.609	were held at	A series of councils	657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080
He is known for his work playing the Native American flute , and has been a successful Indian dancer , and has sung in a popular blues band .	0.726	is known has has for	He	his work playing the Native American flute
He is known for his work playing the Native American flute , and has been a successful Indian dancer , and has sung in a popular blues band .	0.655	has has sung in	He	a popular blues band
By then , she was raising not only her own children but also her nephews , who had been orphaned by the plague .	0.406	was raising	she	not only her own children
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges .	0.808	Six years ago was voted	Judge O'Kicki	president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges .	0.749	be president of	Judge O'Kicki	the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges .	0.425	be president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by	Judge O'Kicki	the state 's 400 judges
In Jewish Hebrew , the Samaritans are called `` Shomronim '' , while in Samaritan Hebrew they call themselves `` Shamerim '' .	0.742	are called `` Shomronim '' , in	the Samaritans	Jewish Hebrew
In Jewish Hebrew , the Samaritans are called `` Shomronim '' , while in Samaritan Hebrew they call themselves `` Shamerim '' .	0.675	are called	the Samaritans	Shomronim
In Jewish Hebrew , the Samaritans are called `` Shomronim '' , while in Samaritan Hebrew they call themselves `` Shamerim '' .	0.627	call in	they	Samaritan Hebrew
In the chaos , a fire starts which causes the truck to explode , killing Kit and scaring away the crocodile .	0.667	starts in	a fire	the chaos
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .	0.646	however had deteriorated by	the reset notes	October
On January 27 the same year , the south tower collapsed causing severe damage to surrounding buildings and killing eight people .	0.741	collapsed causing	the south tower	severe damage
On January 27 the same year , the south tower collapsed causing severe damage to surrounding buildings and killing eight people .	0.695	collapsed on	the south tower	January 27
On January 27 the same year , the south tower collapsed causing severe damage to surrounding buildings and killing eight people .	0.565	collapsed in	the south tower	the same year
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .	0.631	are supporting	They	the direction Spain is taking
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .	0.656	be a senior vice president at	W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old	this printing concern
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .	0.617	was elected	W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old	president of its technology group
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .	0.392	be president of	W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old	its technology group
Today , Parragon operates in more than 35 markets around the world and has offices in 10 countries .	0.908	operates in	Parragon	than 35 markets
Today , Parragon operates in more than 35 markets around the world and has offices in 10 countries .	0.754	has offices in	Parragon	10 countries
Today , Parragon operates in more than 35 markets around the world and has offices in 10 countries .	0.633	has	Parragon	offices
Robert Charles `` Jack '' Russell , MBE , is a retired English international cricketer , now known for his abilities as an artist , as a cricket wicketkeeping coach , and a football goalkeeping coach .	0.754	is a retired English international cricketer as	Robert Charles `` Jack '' Russell	a cricket wicketkeeping coach
Robert Charles `` Jack '' Russell , MBE , is a retired English international cricketer , now known for his abilities as an artist , as a cricket wicketkeeping coach , and a football goalkeeping coach .	0.738	is	Robert Charles `` Jack '' Russell	a retired English international cricketer , now known for his abilities as an artist , as a cricket wicketkeeping coach , and a football goalkeeping coach
President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non - Communist government 's economic changes .	0.777	will lead a presidential mission to	three members of his cabinet	Poland
President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non - Communist government 's economic changes .	0.76	said of	President Bush	three members of his cabinet
President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non - Communist government 's economic changes .	0.733	will lead	three members of his cabinet	a presidential mission
President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non - Communist government 's economic changes .	0.717	can help	the U.S.	the new non
President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non - Communist government 's economic changes .	0.646	will be lead to	a presidential mission	Poland
On many of the construction sites German prisoners of war were working together with Belarusian construction workers .	0.732	were working together with	German prisoners of war	Belarusian construction workers
But the government 's action , which caught Jaguar management flat - footed , may scuttle the GM minority deal by forcing it to fight for all of Jaguar .	0.788	may scuttle	the government 's action which caught Jaguar management flat - footed	the GM minority deal
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .	0.671	now flow into	As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac	Japanese hands
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .	0.636	be issued by	new U.S. mortgage securities	the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .	0.628	's	it	right
One or two songs were remixed at a different studio after the Brooklyn Recording sessions .	0.929	were remixed at	One	a different studio
One or two songs were remixed at a different studio after the Brooklyn Recording sessions .	0.925	were remixed at	two songs	a different studio
Mr. Rifenburgh said the board still has n't acted on most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending restatement of the balance sheet .	0.866	still has n't acted on	the board	most of the internal report 's recommendations
Still , Gerard is given 48 hours to leave the country .	0.808	Still is given	Gerard	48 hours to leave the country
The L16S was an engine that was used in the 910 bluebird Sedan .	0.794	was	The L16S	an engine that was used in the 910 bluebird Sedan
On the idolatry that exists in Argentina , former teammate Jorge Valdano said : `` At the time that Maradona retired from active football , left traumatized Argentina .	0.758	that retired from	Maradona	active football
On the idolatry that exists in Argentina , former teammate Jorge Valdano said : `` At the time that Maradona retired from active football , left traumatized Argentina .	0.709	exists in	the idolatry	Argentina
The 2012 model year U.S. version has minor improvements and its updated EPA fuel economy rating is : City , Highway , Combined .	0.605	has its updated EPA fuel economy rating is	The 2012 model year U.S. version	minor improvements
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	0.833	also performs at	The RSNO	such venues
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	0.8	also performs throughout	The RSNO	Scotland
According to figures from the Department of Education for 2009/2010 , the number of pupils registered at school in Northern Ireland is 321,830 .	0.926	registered at	the number of pupils	school
According to figures from the Department of Education for 2009/2010 , the number of pupils registered at school in Northern Ireland is 321,830 .	0.85	registered in	the number of pupils	Northern Ireland
Such options include CS gas , Taser , ASP and plastic bullets .	0.706	include	Such options	CS gas
Overlooking Muskrat Lake the park occupies what is thought to be the spot where Champlain met the Native Chief Nibachis .	0.821	met	Champlain	the Native Chief Nibachis
Another study indicated that heterosexual men are more aroused by depictions involving lesbian sex than they are by depictions of heterosexual activity , while heterosexual and lesbian women were aroused by a wide range of sexual stimuli .	0.903	were aroused by	heterosexual and lesbian women	a wide range of sexual stimuli
Another study indicated that heterosexual men are more aroused by depictions involving lesbian sex than they are by depictions of heterosexual activity , while heterosexual and lesbian women were aroused by a wide range of sexual stimuli .	0.766	are aroused by	heterosexual men	depictions involving lesbian sex than they
The lands for the park were donated by Thomas Robinson and his wife in 1904 .	0.885	were donated by	The lands	Thomas Robinson
Also buried at Three Rivers cemetery are his first wife , Blanche , several members of the Blick family who had also pioneered 1890s Rhodesia with Burnham , Roderick , his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh , and `` Pete '' Ingram , the Montana cowboy who had survived the Shangani Patrol massacre along with Burnham .	0.743	be several members of	his first wife	the Blick family
Also buried at Three Rivers cemetery are his first wife , Blanche , several members of the Blick family who had also pioneered 1890s Rhodesia with Burnham , Roderick , his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh , and `` Pete '' Ingram , the Montana cowboy who had survived the Shangani Patrol massacre along with Burnham .	0.589	be cowboy of	Rhodesia with Burnham , Roderick , his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh , and `` Pete '' Ingram	Montana
Also buried at Three Rivers cemetery are his first wife , Blanche , several members of the Blick family who had also pioneered 1890s Rhodesia with Burnham , Roderick , his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh , and `` Pete '' Ingram , the Montana cowboy who had survived the Shangani Patrol massacre along with Burnham .	0.447	be members of	several	the Blick family
Also buried at Three Rivers cemetery are his first wife , Blanche , several members of the Blick family who had also pioneered 1890s Rhodesia with Burnham , Roderick , his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh , and `` Pete '' Ingram , the Montana cowboy who had survived the Shangani Patrol massacre along with Burnham .	0.341	be Rhodesia with	his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh	Burnham
Also buried at Three Rivers cemetery are his first wife , Blanche , several members of the Blick family who had also pioneered 1890s Rhodesia with Burnham , Roderick , his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh , and `` Pete '' Ingram , the Montana cowboy who had survived the Shangani Patrol massacre along with Burnham .	0.15	be Rhodesia with	the Montana cowboy	Burnham
As night falls , the teenagers are still stranded in the woods searching for a road .	0.945	are still stranded in	the teenagers	the woods searching for a road
As night falls , the teenagers are still stranded in the woods searching for a road .	0.627	searching for	the woods	a road
The machine employs reduced instruction - set computing , or RISC , technology .	0.719	employs reduced	The machine	instruction
Five years later , Alvarez was reunited with his family in New York and his father was able to start a business in Hoboken , New Jersey .	0.891	Five years later was reunited with	Alvarez	his family
Five years later , Alvarez was reunited with his family in New York and his father was able to start a business in Hoboken , New Jersey .	0.83	to start	his father	a business
Five years later , Alvarez was reunited with his family in New York and his father was able to start a business in Hoboken , New Jersey .	0.796	was	his father	able
Five years later , Alvarez was reunited with his family in New York and his father was able to start a business in Hoboken , New Jersey .	0.623	to be start in	a business	Hoboken
As a group , the team was enshrined into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1959 .	0.942	was enshrined into	the team	the Basketball Hall of Fame
As a group , the team was enshrined into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1959 .	0.914	was enshrined in	the team	1959
As a group , the team was enshrined into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1959 .	0.754	was enshrined as	the team	a group
Among other things , they said , Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label .	0.813	would develop	Mr. Azoff	musical acts
Among other things , they said , Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label .	0.614	would develop musical acts for a new record label among	Mr. Azoff	other things
Among other things , they said , Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label .	0.473	would be develop among	musical acts	other things
Among other things , they said , Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label .	0.353	acts for	musical	a new record label
In Taiwan , the locals speak a version of the Minnan language which is called Taiwanese .	0.774	speak	the locals	a version of the Minnan language
In Taiwan , the locals speak a version of the Minnan language which is called Taiwanese .	0.359	speak a version of the Minnan language which is called Taiwanese in	the locals	Taiwan
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .	0.639	may be	as much as 25 % of the medical procedures	inappropriate or unnecessary
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .	0.634	be performed in	the medical procedures	each year
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .	0.434	be as much as 25 % of	inappropriate or unnecessary	the medical procedures performed each year
It is for the most part mutually intelligible with the other Oghuz languages , which include Azerbaijani , Gagauz , Turkmen and Urum , and to a varying extent with the other Turkic languages .	0.409	be mutually intelligible with	the most part	the other Oghuz languages
These were often related to European conflict , as the Stuart Pretenders were aided and encouraged by Britain 's continental enemies for their own ends .	0.85	be encouraged by	the Stuart Pretenders	Britain 's continental enemies
These were often related to European conflict , as the Stuart Pretenders were aided and encouraged by Britain 's continental enemies for their own ends .	0.29	be enemies for	continental	their own ends
The surprise announcement came after the IRS broke off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one - time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case .	0.74	broke off	the IRS	negotiations
In modern classifications , it is often treated as a subfamily of the Glyphipterigidae family .	0.902	is often treated as	it	a subfamily of the Glyphipterigidae family
In modern classifications , it is often treated as a subfamily of the Glyphipterigidae family .	0.655	is often treated in	it	modern classifications
In 1972 , he won from Yakutpura and later in 1978 , again from Charminar .	0.793	won from	he	Yakutpura
In 1972 , he won from Yakutpura and later in 1978 , again from Charminar .	0.601	won in	he	1972
In 1972 , he won from Yakutpura and later in 1978 , again from Charminar .	0.255	won	he	1972
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .	0.553	be placed directly by	COMMERCIAL PAPER	General Motors Acceptance Corp.
Jaguar shares closed at 869 pence , up 122 pence , on hefty turnover of 9.7 million shares .	0.863	closed up 122 pence on	Jaguar shares	hefty turnover of 9.7 million shares
Jaguar shares closed at 869 pence , up 122 pence , on hefty turnover of 9.7 million shares .	0.782	closed up 122 pence at	Jaguar shares	869 pence
Jaguar shares closed at 869 pence , up 122 pence , on hefty turnover of 9.7 million shares .	0.591	closed up 122 pence in	Jaguar shares	hefty turnover of 9.7 million shares
The Burner Plan , formally entitled `` A Responsible Plan to End the War in Iraq '' , was a 36-page policy paper presented 17 March 2008 by Darcy Burner and other 2008 Democratic congressional candidates , in cooperation with some retired national security officials .	0.825	to End	A Responsible Plan	the War
The Burner Plan , formally entitled `` A Responsible Plan to End the War in Iraq '' , was a 36-page policy paper presented 17 March 2008 by Darcy Burner and other 2008 Democratic congressional candidates , in cooperation with some retired national security officials .	0.813	to End the War in	A Responsible Plan	Iraq
The Burner Plan , formally entitled `` A Responsible Plan to End the War in Iraq '' , was a 36-page policy paper presented 17 March 2008 by Darcy Burner and other 2008 Democratic congressional candidates , in cooperation with some retired national security officials .	0.736	was a 36-page policy paper in	The Burner Plan	cooperation
The Burner Plan , formally entitled `` A Responsible Plan to End the War in Iraq '' , was a 36-page policy paper presented 17 March 2008 by Darcy Burner and other 2008 Democratic congressional candidates , in cooperation with some retired national security officials .	0.728	be presented in	a 36-page policy paper	17
The Burner Plan , formally entitled `` A Responsible Plan to End the War in Iraq '' , was a 36-page policy paper presented 17 March 2008 by Darcy Burner and other 2008 Democratic congressional candidates , in cooperation with some retired national security officials .	0.705	was a 36-page policy paper with	The Burner Plan	some retired national security officials
The Burner Plan , formally entitled `` A Responsible Plan to End the War in Iraq '' , was a 36-page policy paper presented 17 March 2008 by Darcy Burner and other 2008 Democratic congressional candidates , in cooperation with some retired national security officials .	0.677	to be End in	the War	Iraq
He played 37 times , mainly at right-back , in the 1987-88 season , and scored nine goals - excellent for a player who mainly featured in defence .	0.775	played 37 times at	He	right-back
He played 37 times , mainly at right-back , in the 1987-88 season , and scored nine goals - excellent for a player who mainly featured in defence .	0.775	played 37 times in	He	the 1987-88 season
He played 37 times , mainly at right-back , in the 1987-88 season , and scored nine goals - excellent for a player who mainly featured in defence .	0.74	mainly featured in	a player	defence
He played 37 times , mainly at right-back , in the 1987-88 season , and scored nine goals - excellent for a player who mainly featured in defence .	0.736	be played at	37 times	right-back
He played 37 times , mainly at right-back , in the 1987-88 season , and scored nine goals - excellent for a player who mainly featured in defence .	0.736	be played in	37 times	the 1987-88 season
He played 37 times , mainly at right-back , in the 1987-88 season , and scored nine goals - excellent for a player who mainly featured in defence .	0.685	played	He	37 times
In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment .	0.905	was warned of	the government	any dangers
In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment .	0.905	was warned of	those specifications	any dangers
In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment .	0.751	approved	the government	precise specifications
In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment .	0.708	said in	the high court	that decision
In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment .	0.411	said	the high court	that decision
In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment .	0.409	said to	that decision	the high court
Despite losing in the Region V Championship , the Jackets were selected to the NAIA National Tournament and seeded second .	0.886	were selected to	the Jackets	the NAIA National Tournament
The Charles City Division was dieselized after a tornado destroyed much of the overhead wire on May 15 , 1968 .	0.945	was dieselized after	The Charles City Division	a tornado destroyed much of the overhead wire on May 15 , 1968
The Charles City Division was dieselized after a tornado destroyed much of the overhead wire on May 15 , 1968 .	0.692	be destroyed much of the overhead wire on	a tornado	May 15 , 1968
After the British capture of Madrid , Hill had responsibility for an army of 30,000 men .	0.653	had	Hill	responsibility
After the British capture of Madrid , Hill had responsibility for an army of 30,000 men .	0.63	be had after	responsibility	the British capture of Madrid
After the British capture of Madrid , Hill had responsibility for an army of 30,000 men .	0.624	had responsibility for an army of 30,000 men after	Hill	the British capture of Madrid
A one of TVN 's planned channel is a TVN24 HD .	0.691	is	one of TVN 's planned channel	a TVN24 HD
At Giant Bicycle Inc. , Rancho Dominguez , Calif. , sales have tripled since the company entered the U.S. mountain - bike business in 1987 .	0.673	entered	the company	the U.S. mountain
At Giant Bicycle Inc. , Rancho Dominguez , Calif. , sales have tripled since the company entered the U.S. mountain - bike business in 1987 .	0.508	have tripled at	Rancho Dominguez	Giant Bicycle Inc.
First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it could n't sell .	0.817	incurred	First Boston	millions of dollars of losses
First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it could n't sell .	0.751	owned as well as on	it	special securities it could n't sell
Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr was a pious Muslim who supported the Imam of his time , Ali ibn Abi Talib , even though his sister Aisha opposed ` Ali in the battle of Jamal , Ibn Abu Bakr was faithful to his stepfather .	0.847	opposed Ali in	Aisha	the battle of Jamal
Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr was a pious Muslim who supported the Imam of his time , Ali ibn Abi Talib , even though his sister Aisha opposed ` Ali in the battle of Jamal , Ibn Abu Bakr was faithful to his stepfather .	0.83	opposed	Aisha	Ali
Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr was a pious Muslim who supported the Imam of his time , Ali ibn Abi Talib , even though his sister Aisha opposed ` Ali in the battle of Jamal , Ibn Abu Bakr was faithful to his stepfather .	0.811	be opposed in	Ali	the battle of Jamal
Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr was a pious Muslim who supported the Imam of his time , Ali ibn Abi Talib , even though his sister Aisha opposed ` Ali in the battle of Jamal , Ibn Abu Bakr was faithful to his stepfather .	0.798	was	Muhammad	a pious Muslim who supported the Imam of his time , Ali ibn Abi Talib , even though his sister Aisha opposed ` Ali in the battle of Jamal , Ibn Abu Bakr was faithful
Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr was a pious Muslim who supported the Imam of his time , Ali ibn Abi Talib , even though his sister Aisha opposed ` Ali in the battle of Jamal , Ibn Abu Bakr was faithful to his stepfather .	0.711	be supported of	the Imam	his time
Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr was a pious Muslim who supported the Imam of his time , Ali ibn Abi Talib , even though his sister Aisha opposed ` Ali in the battle of Jamal , Ibn Abu Bakr was faithful to his stepfather .	0.625	even was faithful to	his sister Aisha opposed ` Ali in the battle of Jamal	his stepfather
Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr was a pious Muslim who supported the Imam of his time , Ali ibn Abi Talib , even though his sister Aisha opposed ` Ali in the battle of Jamal , Ibn Abu Bakr was faithful to his stepfather .	0.624	even was	his sister Aisha opposed ` Ali in the battle of Jamal	faithful
In the Civil War , he advocated strong prosecution of the Union War effort , the end of slavery , and civil rights for freed African Americans .	0.74	advocated	he	strong prosecution of the Union War effort
In the Civil War , he advocated strong prosecution of the Union War effort , the end of slavery , and civil rights for freed African Americans .	0.601	advocated strong prosecution of the Union War effort in	he	the Civil War
In the Civil War , he advocated strong prosecution of the Union War effort , the end of slavery , and civil rights for freed African Americans .	0.55	be advocated in	strong prosecution of the Union War effort	the Civil War
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .	0.783	urges	The General Accounting Office	Congress
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .	0.619	retain	all penalties	their force
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .	0.852	had ordered BNL to come up with	The central bank	a suitable program
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .	0.793	had ordered BNL to come up by	The central bank	yesterday
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .	0.766	had ordered	The central bank	BNL
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .	0.903	turned out	they	reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .	0.877	learned	The big brokerage houses	the art of the instant commercial
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .	0.877	learned the art of the instant commercial after	The big brokerage houses	the 1987 crash
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .	0.736	be learned after	the art of the instant commercial	the 1987 crash
He develops significance both as a recurrent character in the series and friend to Dream , appearing in a total of seven issues spanning six hundred years .	0.807	develops significance as	He	a recurrent character
He develops significance both as a recurrent character in the series and friend to Dream , appearing in a total of seven issues spanning six hundred years .	0.691	develops	He	significance
He develops significance both as a recurrent character in the series and friend to Dream , appearing in a total of seven issues spanning six hundred years .	0.582	to Dream appearing in	the series and friend	a total of seven issues
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .	0.83	to reach	they	agreement
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .	0.627	owes	the parent company	the unit money
The Venezuelan government declined to appeal the case any further , and in November 1987 Bosch was freed .	0.778	declined to appeal	The Venezuelan government	the case
The Venezuelan government declined to appeal the case any further , and in November 1987 Bosch was freed .	0.578	was freed in	The Venezuelan government	November 1987 Bosch
It was elevated as the Vicariate Apostolic of Heijo on 11 July 1939 , and renamed the Vicariate Apostolic of Pyong-Yang on 12 July 1950 .	0.919	was elevated as	It	the Vicariate Apostolic of Heijo
It was elevated as the Vicariate Apostolic of Heijo on 11 July 1939 , and renamed the Vicariate Apostolic of Pyong-Yang on 12 July 1950 .	0.768	be renamed on	the Vicariate Apostolic of Pyong-Yang	12 July 1950
It was elevated as the Vicariate Apostolic of Heijo on 11 July 1939 , and renamed the Vicariate Apostolic of Pyong-Yang on 12 July 1950 .	0.598	renamed the Vicariate Apostolic of Pyong-Yang on	It	12 July 1950
In many of her writings , King often refers to the comical contradictions between the material reality of her upbringing and the snobbish behavior of her grandmother .	0.76	often refers to	King	the comical contradictions
In many of her writings , King often refers to the comical contradictions between the material reality of her upbringing and the snobbish behavior of her grandmother .	0.454	often refers in	King	many of her writings
Until its 2007 acquisition by Tavistock Group , Freebirds World Burrito had its corporate headquarters in College Station .	0.718	had	its 2007 acquisition	its corporate headquarters
Lucy 's adoptive parents emigrated from Ireland to Perth in the early 1950s .	0.803	be emigrated from	Lucy 's adoptive parents	Ireland
Lucy 's adoptive parents emigrated from Ireland to Perth in the early 1950s .	0.8	be emigrated to	Lucy 's adoptive parents	Perth
Lucy 's adoptive parents emigrated from Ireland to Perth in the early 1950s .	0.792	be emigrated in	Lucy 's adoptive parents	the early 1950s
In particular , her grandmother required high standards of behavior from Florence , referring to the family as descendants of Virginia 's colonial elite .	0.9	required	her grandmother	high standards of behavior
In particular , her grandmother required high standards of behavior from Florence , referring to the family as descendants of Virginia 's colonial elite .	0.856	required high standards of behavior from	her grandmother	Florence
In particular , her grandmother required high standards of behavior from Florence , referring to the family as descendants of Virginia 's colonial elite .	0.784	required high standards of behavior referring as	her grandmother	descendants of Virginia 's colonial elite
In particular , her grandmother required high standards of behavior from Florence , referring to the family as descendants of Virginia 's colonial elite .	0.752	required high standards of behavior referring to	her grandmother	the family
In particular , her grandmother required high standards of behavior from Florence , referring to the family as descendants of Virginia 's colonial elite .	0.701	required high standards of behavior in	her grandmother	particular
A Fifth order Fresnel lens manufactured by Parisian glass makers Barbier and Fenestre was installed in the lantern .	0.919	was installed in	A Fifth order Fresnel lens	the lantern
A Fifth order Fresnel lens manufactured by Parisian glass makers Barbier and Fenestre was installed in the lantern .	0.752	be manufactured by	A Fifth order Fresnel lens	Parisian glass makers Barbier and Fenestre
A Fifth order Fresnel lens manufactured by Parisian glass makers Barbier and Fenestre was installed in the lantern .	0.629	be makers of	Barbier and Fenestre	Parisian glass
A Fifth order Fresnel lens manufactured by Parisian glass makers Barbier and Fenestre was installed in the lantern .	0.552	be makers for	Barbier and Fenestre	Parisian glass
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	0.925	are banned among	Medical cooperatives	successful
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	0.717	carrying out	their main source of income	surgery
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	0.441	be their main source of	) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women	income
Swinburne moves in his writing program from the philosophical to the theological , building his case rigorously .	0.47	moves from	Swinburne	the philosophical
Swinburne moves in his writing program from the philosophical to the theological , building his case rigorously .	0.451	moves in	Swinburne	his writing program
Swinburne moves in his writing program from the philosophical to the theological , building his case rigorously .	0.377	moves to	Swinburne	the theological
Accepted bids ranged from 8 % to 8.019 % .	0.911	ranged from	Accepted bids	8 %
It is best served with laksa and homemade tauhu .	0.875	is best served with	It	laksa and homemade tauhu
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .	0.874	began trading on	whose shares	the New York Stock Exchange
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .	0.771	began trading in	whose shares	August
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .	0.678	closed down 75 cents in	Ogden Projects	yesterday
Under the direction of President Spencer W. Kimball , the First Presidency and the Twelve removed the policy that denied black people the priesthood but did very little to disrupt the multiple discourses that had fostered the policy in the first place .	0.713	removed	Under the direction of President Spencer W. Kimball , the First Presidency and the Twelve	the policy that denied black people the priesthood but did very little
Under the direction of President Spencer W. Kimball , the First Presidency and the Twelve removed the policy that denied black people the priesthood but did very little to disrupt the multiple discourses that had fostered the policy in the first place .	0.356	be the direction of	the First Presidency	President Spencer W. Kimball
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .	0.676	be formerly vice president of	Scott C. Smith	this media concern
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .	0.631	was named	Scott C. Smith	senior vice president
Bianco also collaborated with Fra Mauro on the Fra Mauro world map of 1459 .	0.915	also collaborated on	Bianco	the Fra Mauro world map of 1459
Bianco also collaborated with Fra Mauro on the Fra Mauro world map of 1459 .	0.913	also collaborated with	Bianco	Fra Mauro
The university had refused to recognize the chapter as a `` Registered Student Organization '' because the fraternity only accepts men , and would not recognize the chapter as a `` Social Fraternity '' because the fraternity only accepts Christians .	0.664	had refused would to recognize the chapter as	The university	a `` Registered Student Organization
The university had refused to recognize the chapter as a `` Registered Student Organization '' because the fraternity only accepts men , and would not recognize the chapter as a `` Social Fraternity '' because the fraternity only accepts Christians .	0.613	only accepts	the fraternity	Christians
The university had refused to recognize the chapter as a `` Registered Student Organization '' because the fraternity only accepts men , and would not recognize the chapter as a `` Social Fraternity '' because the fraternity only accepts Christians .	0.575	to be recognize as	the chapter	a `` Registered Student Organization
The university had refused to recognize the chapter as a `` Registered Student Organization '' because the fraternity only accepts men , and would not recognize the chapter as a `` Social Fraternity '' because the fraternity only accepts Christians .	0.552	only accepts	the fraternity	men
The university had refused to recognize the chapter as a `` Registered Student Organization '' because the fraternity only accepts men , and would not recognize the chapter as a `` Social Fraternity '' because the fraternity only accepts Christians .	0.532	had would not recognize	The university	the chapter
The university had refused to recognize the chapter as a `` Registered Student Organization '' because the fraternity only accepts men , and would not recognize the chapter as a `` Social Fraternity '' because the fraternity only accepts Christians .	0.518	had would not recognize the chapter as	The university	a `` Social Fraternity
The university had refused to recognize the chapter as a `` Registered Student Organization '' because the fraternity only accepts men , and would not recognize the chapter as a `` Social Fraternity '' because the fraternity only accepts Christians .	0.512	had refused would to recognize	The university	the chapter
The university had refused to recognize the chapter as a `` Registered Student Organization '' because the fraternity only accepts men , and would not recognize the chapter as a `` Social Fraternity '' because the fraternity only accepts Christians .	0.477	had would not recognize as	the chapter	a `` Social Fraternity
They initially appeared in `` Super Robot Wars Compact 2 '' for the WonderSwan game system , and later in its PlayStation 2 remake , `` Super Robot Wars Impact '' , as well as the Nintendo DS game , `` Super Robot Wars K '' .	0.908	initially appeared in	They	Super Robot Wars Compact 2
They initially appeared in `` Super Robot Wars Compact 2 '' for the WonderSwan game system , and later in its PlayStation 2 remake , `` Super Robot Wars Impact '' , as well as the Nintendo DS game , `` Super Robot Wars K '' .	0.885	initially appeared for	They	the WonderSwan game system
The RSNO 's base is at Henry Wood Hall in Glasgow and is also used as its recording venue ; a new base is being constructed within the Royal Concert Hall , Buchanan Street .	0.855	is at	The RSNO 's base	Henry Wood Hall
The RSNO 's base is at Henry Wood Hall in Glasgow and is also used as its recording venue ; a new base is being constructed within the Royal Concert Hall , Buchanan Street .	0.824	is being constructed within	a new base	the Royal Concert Hall
The RSNO 's base is at Henry Wood Hall in Glasgow and is also used as its recording venue ; a new base is being constructed within the Royal Concert Hall , Buchanan Street .	0.738	is also used as	The RSNO 's base	its recording venue
She resigns after the events of `` The Last Precinct '' and relocates to Florida to become a private forensic consultant .	0.801	resigns after	She	the events of `` The Last Precinct
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .	0.684	is in	Ford	the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .	0.627	waiting for	arbitragers	the highest takeover bid
The Charles City equipment was transferred to Mason City to replace equipment burned in the November 24 , 1967 shop fire .	0.859	was transferred 1967 shop fire to	The Charles City equipment	Mason City
The Charles City equipment was transferred to Mason City to replace equipment burned in the November 24 , 1967 shop fire .	0.752	be burned in	equipment	the November 24
The Charles City equipment was transferred to Mason City to replace equipment burned in the November 24 , 1967 shop fire .	0.619	was transferred	The Charles City equipment	1967 shop fire
Porter wrote in 1980 that strategy target either cost leadership , differentiation , or focus .	0.877	wrote in	Porter	1980
Porter wrote in 1980 that strategy target either cost leadership , differentiation , or focus .	0.614	wrote	Porter	1980
The ride was expensive to operate , maintenance was intensive , and it did not fit the normal Disneyland `` guest flow '' in that a relatively small number of riders was able to participate on any given day .	0.748	was	The ride	expensive
The ride was expensive to operate , maintenance was intensive , and it did not fit the normal Disneyland `` guest flow '' in that a relatively small number of riders was able to participate on any given day .	0.636	was	a relatively small number of riders	able
The ride was expensive to operate , maintenance was intensive , and it did not fit the normal Disneyland `` guest flow '' in that a relatively small number of riders was able to participate on any given day .	0.629	be guest flow in	the normal Disneyland	able
The ride was expensive to operate , maintenance was intensive , and it did not fit the normal Disneyland `` guest flow '' in that a relatively small number of riders was able to participate on any given day .	0.565	was did	maintenance	intensive
The ride was expensive to operate , maintenance was intensive , and it did not fit the normal Disneyland `` guest flow '' in that a relatively small number of riders was able to participate on any given day .	0.399	be a relatively small number of	able	riders
The ride was expensive to operate , maintenance was intensive , and it did not fit the normal Disneyland `` guest flow '' in that a relatively small number of riders was able to participate on any given day .	0.283	was did	it	intensive
Here , equality between the two vectors in homogeneous coordinates means that the numbers on the right side are equal to the numbers on the left side up to some common scaling factor formula_8 .	0.772	are equal to	the numbers	the numbers
Here , equality between the two vectors in homogeneous coordinates means that the numbers on the right side are equal to the numbers on the left side up to some common scaling factor formula_8 .	0.694	are equal up to	the numbers	some common scaling factor formula_8
Here , equality between the two vectors in homogeneous coordinates means that the numbers on the right side are equal to the numbers on the left side up to some common scaling factor formula_8 .	0.642	are equal on	the numbers	the left side
Here , equality between the two vectors in homogeneous coordinates means that the numbers on the right side are equal to the numbers on the left side up to some common scaling factor formula_8 .	0.351	be the numbers on	equal	the right side
Thomas soon became a regular in the Arsenal side , making his league debut on 14 February 1987 in a 1-1 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough .	0.845	soon became a regular in	Thomas	the Arsenal side
Thomas soon became a regular in the Arsenal side , making his league debut on 14 February 1987 in a 1-1 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough .	0.84	soon became	Thomas	a regular
Thomas soon became a regular in the Arsenal side , making his league debut on 14 February 1987 in a 1-1 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough .	0.809	be making in	his league debut	a 1-1 draw
Thomas soon became a regular in the Arsenal side , making his league debut on 14 February 1987 in a 1-1 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough .	0.809	be making on	his league debut	14 February 1987
Thomas soon became a regular in the Arsenal side , making his league debut on 14 February 1987 in a 1-1 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough .	0.628	be making at	his league debut	Hillsborough
He said it has n't yet been determined how the RTC will raise the cash , but the administration does n't want it to be included on the federal budget , because it would `` distort '' the budget process by requiring either exemptions from Gramm-Rudman or big increases in the budget deficit .	0.797	to be included on	it	the federal budget
He said it has n't yet been determined how the RTC will raise the cash , but the administration does n't want it to be included on the federal budget , because it would `` distort '' the budget process by requiring either exemptions from Gramm-Rudman or big increases in the budget deficit .	0.458	will raise	the RTC	the cash
He said it has n't yet been determined how the RTC will raise the cash , but the administration does n't want it to be included on the federal budget , because it would `` distort '' the budget process by requiring either exemptions from Gramm-Rudman or big increases in the budget deficit .	0.452	would distort	it	the budget process
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 % .	0.781	first filed to sell	Beatrice	debt
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 % .	0.714	A month ago had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at	the company	a yield of 12 3\/4 %
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	0.815	also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with	He	Mr. Pearson 's images
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	0.761	also unfortunately illustrated	He	this intricate , jazzy tapestry
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	0.724	be also unfortunately illustrated with	this intricate , jazzy tapestry	Mr. Pearson 's images
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	0.521	be this time of	Mr. Pearson 's images	geometric or repeating objects
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	0.347	be images of	this time of geometric or repeating objects	Mr. Pearson
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .	0.768	are almost exactly proposed to	the government	legislators
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .	0.71	are almost exactly proposed in	the government	September
In athletics , Boston College left the Big East Conference and joined the Atlantic Coast Conference on July 1 , 2005 .	0.903	joined the Atlantic Coast Conference on	Boston College	July 1 , 2005
In athletics , Boston College left the Big East Conference and joined the Atlantic Coast Conference on July 1 , 2005 .	0.842	joined	Boston College	the Atlantic Coast Conference
In athletics , Boston College left the Big East Conference and joined the Atlantic Coast Conference on July 1 , 2005 .	0.768	be joined on	the Atlantic Coast Conference	July 1 , 2005
In athletics , Boston College left the Big East Conference and joined the Atlantic Coast Conference on July 1 , 2005 .	0.741	left	Boston College	the Big East Conference
In athletics , Boston College left the Big East Conference and joined the Atlantic Coast Conference on July 1 , 2005 .	0.728	left the Big East Conference in	Boston College	athletics
In athletics , Boston College left the Big East Conference and joined the Atlantic Coast Conference on July 1 , 2005 .	0.55	be left in	the Big East Conference	athletics
In athletics , Boston College left the Big East Conference and joined the Atlantic Coast Conference on July 1 , 2005 .	0.434	left the Big East Conference	Boston College	athletics
A rolling hash is a hash function where the input is hashed in a window that moves through the input .	0.945	is hashed in	the input	a window that moves through the input
A rolling hash is a hash function where the input is hashed in a window that moves through the input .	0.763	is	A rolling hash	a hash function where the input is hashed in a window
A rolling hash is a hash function where the input is hashed in a window that moves through the input .	0.738	moves through	a window	the input
That same year saw an outbreak of plague in Venice , one that lasted two years and caused Franco to leave the city and to lose many of her possessions .	0.85	saw	That same year	an outbreak of plague
That same year saw an outbreak of plague in Venice , one that lasted two years and caused Franco to leave the city and to lose many of her possessions .	0.698	to leave to	Franco	the city
That same year saw an outbreak of plague in Venice , one that lasted two years and caused Franco to leave the city and to lose many of her possessions .	0.682	to to lose	Franco	many of her possessions
Byers does not oppose the concept of global citizenship , however he criticizes potential implications of the term depending on one 's definition of it , such as ones that provide support for the `` ruthlessly capitalist economic system that now dominates the planet . ''	0.799	does not oppose	Byers	the concept of global citizenship
Byers does not oppose the concept of global citizenship , however he criticizes potential implications of the term depending on one 's definition of it , such as ones that provide support for the `` ruthlessly capitalist economic system that now dominates the planet . ''	0.564	be now dominates by	the planet	the `` ruthlessly capitalist economic system
Byers does not oppose the concept of global citizenship , however he criticizes potential implications of the term depending on one 's definition of it , such as ones that provide support for the `` ruthlessly capitalist economic system that now dominates the planet . ''	0.555	however criticizes	he	potential implications of the term
It was Marciano 's sixth and last title defense before retiring in 1956 .	0.649	was	It	sixth and last title defense
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .	0.767	mostly took	Investors who took profits Friday	a wait
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .	0.553	said	traders	Investors who took profits Friday
The majority of the population of Leigh were born in England ; 2.10 % were born elsewhere within the United Kingdom , 0.95 % within the rest of the European Union , and 1.47 % elsewhere in the world .	0.894	were born elsewhere within	The majority of the population of Leigh	the United Kingdom
The majority of the population of Leigh were born in England ; 2.10 % were born elsewhere within the United Kingdom , 0.95 % within the rest of the European Union , and 1.47 % elsewhere in the world .	0.888	were born elsewhere within	2.10 %	the United Kingdom
The majority of the population of Leigh were born in England ; 2.10 % were born elsewhere within the United Kingdom , 0.95 % within the rest of the European Union , and 1.47 % elsewhere in the world .	0.885	were born in	The majority of the population of Leigh	England
The majority of the population of Leigh were born in England ; 2.10 % were born elsewhere within the United Kingdom , 0.95 % within the rest of the European Union , and 1.47 % elsewhere in the world .	0.781	were born in	2.10 %	England
The majority of the population of Leigh were born in England ; 2.10 % were born elsewhere within the United Kingdom , 0.95 % within the rest of the European Union , and 1.47 % elsewhere in the world .	0.516	were born at	The majority of the population of Leigh	England
The majority of the population of Leigh were born in England ; 2.10 % were born elsewhere within the United Kingdom , 0.95 % within the rest of the European Union , and 1.47 % elsewhere in the world .	0.515	were born on	The majority of the population of Leigh	England
The majority of the population of Leigh were born in England ; 2.10 % were born elsewhere within the United Kingdom , 0.95 % within the rest of the European Union , and 1.47 % elsewhere in the world .	0.329	were born at	2.10 %	England
The majority of the population of Leigh were born in England ; 2.10 % were born elsewhere within the United Kingdom , 0.95 % within the rest of the European Union , and 1.47 % elsewhere in the world .	0.329	were born on	2.10 %	England
Wallonia is also home to about 80 % of the population of the French Community of Belgium , a political level responsible for matters related mainly to culture and education , with the remainder living in Brussels .	0.93	is also home to	Wallonia	about 80 % of the population of the French Community of Belgium
Wallonia is also home to about 80 % of the population of the French Community of Belgium , a political level responsible for matters related mainly to culture and education , with the remainder living in Brussels .	0.883	is also home with	Wallonia	the remainder living in Brussels
Wallonia is also home to about 80 % of the population of the French Community of Belgium , a political level responsible for matters related mainly to culture and education , with the remainder living in Brussels .	0.804	is also	Wallonia	home
Wallonia is also home to about 80 % of the population of the French Community of Belgium , a political level responsible for matters related mainly to culture and education , with the remainder living in Brussels .	0.699	is also home of	Wallonia	about 80 % of the population of the French Community of Belgium
Wallonia is also home to about 80 % of the population of the French Community of Belgium , a political level responsible for matters related mainly to culture and education , with the remainder living in Brussels .	0.655	be related mainly to	matters	culture and education
Wallonia is also home to about 80 % of the population of the French Community of Belgium , a political level responsible for matters related mainly to culture and education , with the remainder living in Brussels .	0.592	living in	the remainder	Brussels
Wallonia is also home to about 80 % of the population of the French Community of Belgium , a political level responsible for matters related mainly to culture and education , with the remainder living in Brussels .	0.36	be the French Community of	a political level responsible	Belgium
He was born to Afro-Guyanese parents & is of Afro-Guyanese descent .	0.848	was born to	He	Afro-Guyanese parents
Robin soon realizes that his feelings for Stephanie have grown into something more , and , after breaking up with Ariana , he begins dating Stephanie .	0.762	have grown into	his feelings	something more
Robin soon realizes that his feelings for Stephanie have grown into something more , and , after breaking up with Ariana , he begins dating Stephanie .	0.533	begins dating	he	Stephanie
However , the term cob , defined as a short-legged , stout horse , is a body type rather than a breed .	0.91	However is a body type than	the term cob defined as a short-legged , stout horse	a breed
However , the term cob , defined as a short-legged , stout horse , is a body type rather than a breed .	0.793	be defined as	the term cob	a short-legged , stout horse
However , the term cob , defined as a short-legged , stout horse , is a body type rather than a breed .	0.703	However is	the term cob defined as a short-legged , stout horse	a body type
The psychological impact of this first transformation caused Beast to experience short-term amnesia and also made it difficult for him to control his animalistic instincts , which would cause him to slip into an uncontrollable berserker rage during combat .	0.731	to slip into	him	an uncontrollable berserker rage
The psychological impact of this first transformation caused Beast to experience short-term amnesia and also made it difficult for him to control his animalistic instincts , which would cause him to slip into an uncontrollable berserker rage during combat .	0.689	to experience	Beast	short-term amnesia
The psychological impact of this first transformation caused Beast to experience short-term amnesia and also made it difficult for him to control his animalistic instincts , which would cause him to slip into an uncontrollable berserker rage during combat .	0.66	to control	it	his animalistic instincts which would cause him to slip into an uncontrollable berserker rage during combat
The psychological impact of this first transformation caused Beast to experience short-term amnesia and also made it difficult for him to control his animalistic instincts , which would cause him to slip into an uncontrollable berserker rage during combat .	0.645	to slip during	him	combat
The psychological impact of this first transformation caused Beast to experience short-term amnesia and also made it difficult for him to control his animalistic instincts , which would cause him to slip into an uncontrollable berserker rage during combat .	0.549	to control	him	his animalistic instincts which would cause him to slip into an uncontrollable berserker rage during combat
Schulenburg ISD has made substantial strides in the expansion of technology to support its educational and administrative missions .	0.898	has made substantial strides in	Schulenburg ISD	the expansion of technology
Schulenburg ISD has made substantial strides in the expansion of technology to support its educational and administrative missions .	0.81	has made	Schulenburg ISD	substantial strides
Schulenburg ISD has made substantial strides in the expansion of technology to support its educational and administrative missions .	0.602	has made substantial strides to support	Schulenburg ISD	its educational and administrative missions
Born in Cuba on April 16 , 1957 , Manuel Alvarez was the oldest son of a middle income , Christian family .	0.932	was the oldest son of	Manuel Alvarez	a middle income
Born in Cuba on April 16 , 1957 , Manuel Alvarez was the oldest son of a middle income , Christian family .	0.788	be Born in	Manuel Alvarez	Cuba
Born in Cuba on April 16 , 1957 , Manuel Alvarez was the oldest son of a middle income , Christian family .	0.787	was	Manuel Alvarez	the oldest son of a middle income
Born in Cuba on April 16 , 1957 , Manuel Alvarez was the oldest son of a middle income , Christian family .	0.734	be Born on	Manuel Alvarez	April 16 , 1957
Born in Cuba on April 16 , 1957 , Manuel Alvarez was the oldest son of a middle income , Christian family .	0.567	was the oldest son of	a middle income	Christian family
Born in Cuba on April 16 , 1957 , Manuel Alvarez was the oldest son of a middle income , Christian family .	0.554	was son of	oldest	a middle income
Water molecules involved in this clathrate-like basket around the non-hydrogen-bonding surface are constrained in their orientation .	0.89	are constrained in	Water molecules	their orientation
Water molecules involved in this clathrate-like basket around the non-hydrogen-bonding surface are constrained in their orientation .	0.816	be involved in	Water molecules	this clathrate-like basket
Water molecules involved in this clathrate-like basket around the non-hydrogen-bonding surface are constrained in their orientation .	0.752	be involved around	Water molecules	the non-hydrogen-bonding surface
In the aftermath of September 2005 's Hurricane Katrina , Storrs was named by `` Slate '' as `` America 's Best Place to Avoid Death Due to Natural Disaster . ''	0.826	was named as	Storrs	America 's Best Place
In the aftermath of September 2005 's Hurricane Katrina , Storrs was named by `` Slate '' as `` America 's Best Place to Avoid Death Due to Natural Disaster . ''	0.792	was named by	Storrs	Slate
In the aftermath of September 2005 's Hurricane Katrina , Storrs was named by `` Slate '' as `` America 's Best Place to Avoid Death Due to Natural Disaster . ''	0.686	was named to	Storrs	Avoid Death Due
In the aftermath of September 2005 's Hurricane Katrina , Storrs was named by `` Slate '' as `` America 's Best Place to Avoid Death Due to Natural Disaster . ''	0.677	was named in	Storrs	the aftermath of September 2005 's Hurricane Katrina
In the aftermath of September 2005 's Hurricane Katrina , Storrs was named by `` Slate '' as `` America 's Best Place to Avoid Death Due to Natural Disaster . ''	0.599	was named to	Storrs	Natural Disaster
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .	0.773	already would give the department	the bill	ample power to block undesirable deals
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .	0.689	take over	Frank Lorenzo	another airline
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .	0.567	was	the provision	unnecessary
Additionally , the French Community of Belgium has controversially begun referring to itself exclusively as the ` Wallonia-Brussels Federation ' to emphasize the links between the French Community , Wallonia and Brussels .	0.699	to emphasize	the ` Wallonia-Brussels Federation	the links
Additionally , the French Community of Belgium has controversially begun referring to itself exclusively as the ` Wallonia-Brussels Federation ' to emphasize the links between the French Community , Wallonia and Brussels .	0.551	Additionally has controversially begun referring exclusively to	the French Community of Belgium	itself
The doctor , Erasistratus , suspects love is behind Antiochus 's suffering .	0.734	suspects	The doctor	love
They have had over 60 chart hits in the UK , starting with 1967 's `` Pictures Of Matchstick Men '' , and the most recent being in 2010 , which is more than any other rock group .	0.847	hits in	60 chart	the UK
They have had over 60 chart hits in the UK , starting with 1967 's `` Pictures Of Matchstick Men '' , and the most recent being in 2010 , which is more than any other rock group .	0.804	have the most recent being in	They	2010
They have had over 60 chart hits in the UK , starting with 1967 's `` Pictures Of Matchstick Men '' , and the most recent being in 2010 , which is more than any other rock group .	0.753	have had over starting with	They	1967 's `` Pictures Of Matchstick Men
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .	0.795	is just	Nissan Motor	one of a slew of advertisers
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .	0.705	be a slew of	Nissan Motor	advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .	0.933	was dragged up by	The market	Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .	0.93	was dragged up by	The market	the scruff of its neck
The Suebic Semnones and Langobardi rebelled against their king and went over to the Cherusci .	0.837	rebelled against	The Suebic Semnones and Langobardi	their king
In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu observed the practice in Istanbul and attempted to popularize it in Britain , but encountered considerable resistance .	0.55	be observed in	the practice	1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu
In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu observed the practice in Istanbul and attempted to popularize it in Britain , but encountered considerable resistance .	0.523	to be popularize in	it	Britain
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .	0.901	's just another day of	it	ectoplasmic business
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .	0.825	seems to occasion	the holiday	no unusual number of ghost reports
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .	0.705	's just	it	another day of ectoplasmic business
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .	0.646	's just another day of ectoplasmic business for	it	the spooks
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .	0.219	be business as	ectoplasmic	usual
Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake , Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy .	0.414	has sold	Mr. Packer	his stake
Chugai agreed to pay $ 6.25 a share for Gen - Probe 's 17.6 million common shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis .	0.876	agreed to pay $ 6.25 a share for	Chugai	Gen
Chugai agreed to pay $ 6.25 a share for Gen - Probe 's 17.6 million common shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis .	0.791	to pay $ 6.25 a share for	Chugai	Gen
In the 1950s , researchers discovered that polycyclic aromatic compounds formed semi-conducting charge-transfer complex salts with halogens .	0.841	formed semi-conducting charge-transfer complex salts with	polycyclic aromatic compounds	halogens
In the 1950s , researchers discovered that polycyclic aromatic compounds formed semi-conducting charge-transfer complex salts with halogens .	0.779	be formed with	semi-conducting charge-transfer complex salts	halogens
In the 1950s , researchers discovered that polycyclic aromatic compounds formed semi-conducting charge-transfer complex salts with halogens .	0.751	formed	polycyclic aromatic compounds	semi-conducting charge-transfer complex salts
In the 1950s , researchers discovered that polycyclic aromatic compounds formed semi-conducting charge-transfer complex salts with halogens .	0.708	discovered in	researchers	the 1950s
In the 1950s , researchers discovered that polycyclic aromatic compounds formed semi-conducting charge-transfer complex salts with halogens .	0.411	discovered	researchers	the 1950s
Gameplay is very basic ; the player must shoot constantly at a continual stream of enemies in order to reach the end of each level .	0.891	must shoot constantly at	the player	a continual stream of enemies
Gameplay is very basic ; the player must shoot constantly at a continual stream of enemies in order to reach the end of each level .	0.717	is very	Gameplay	basic
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .	0.817	be sought by	the Marcos documents	the prosecutors
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .	0.626	will examine	he	the Marcos documents
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .	0.601	said as	he	a result
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .	0.94	was found in	The precious canvas cut from its frame at the time of the theft	nearby Jena
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .	0.85	be cut at	The precious canvas	the time of the theft
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .	0.811	be cut from	The precious canvas	its frame
Wide acceptance of zero-energy building technology may require more government incentives or building code regulations , the development of recognized standards , or significant increases in the cost of conventional energy .	0.864	may require	Wide acceptance of zero-energy building technology	more government incentives or building code regulations , the development of recognized standards , or significant increases
His 2007-2008 season ended with a rib injury on December 10 , 2007 in a game against the Miami Dolphins in which he returned a fumble for a touchdown .	0.889	ended with	His 2007-2008 season	a rib injury
His 2007-2008 season ended with a rib injury on December 10 , 2007 in a game against the Miami Dolphins in which he returned a fumble for a touchdown .	0.861	ended on	His 2007-2008 season	December 10 , 2007
His 2007-2008 season ended with a rib injury on December 10 , 2007 in a game against the Miami Dolphins in which he returned a fumble for a touchdown .	0.768	ended in	His 2007-2008 season	a game in which he returned a fumble for a touchdown
His 2007-2008 season ended with a rib injury on December 10 , 2007 in a game against the Miami Dolphins in which he returned a fumble for a touchdown .	0.75	returned	he	a fumble
In general , the rivalries between all the clubs were friendly , and families were known to switch affiliations depending on which one offered preferred services and events .	0.714	were known to switch	the rivalries	affiliations
In general , the rivalries between all the clubs were friendly , and families were known to switch affiliations depending on which one offered preferred services and events .	0.707	were	the rivalries	friendly
In general , the rivalries between all the clubs were friendly , and families were known to switch affiliations depending on which one offered preferred services and events .	0.704	to switch	families	affiliations
In general , the rivalries between all the clubs were friendly , and families were known to switch affiliations depending on which one offered preferred services and events .	0.572	were friendly in	the rivalries	general
In general , the rivalries between all the clubs were friendly , and families were known to switch affiliations depending on which one offered preferred services and events .	0.351	be the rivalries between	friendly	the clubs
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .	0.822	has a bigger share of the computer	Ungermann	network market
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .	0.813	has a bigger share of the computer	Bass Inc.	network market
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .	0.701	has network market in Japan than at home	Ungermann	a bigger share of the computer
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .	0.689	has network market in Japan than at home	Bass Inc.	a bigger share of the computer
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .	0.821	could do tricks with	Emacs	the widely used Unix operating system
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .	0.795	could do	Emacs	tricks
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .	0.742	could do tricks with	a popular editing	the widely used Unix operating system
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .	0.708	could do	a popular editing	tricks
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .	0.602	be created by	the widely used Unix operating system	AT&T
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .	0.498	could be do with	tricks	the widely used Unix operating system
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .	0.843	compare with	These results	net income of $ 1.8 million
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .	0.678	to read	it	market direction
Few people in the advertising business have raised as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum .	0.852	have raised as	Few people	many hackles
Few people in the advertising business have raised as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum .	0.176	be people in	Few	the advertising business
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .	0.901	are in	Eastern and its creditors	the final , delicate stages negotiating a second reorganization plan
During their first encounter in the Montreal Forum , when Howe was a rookie , he knocked Richard out cold with a punch after being shoved .	0.747	knocked Richard out	he	cold
During their first encounter in the Montreal Forum , when Howe was a rookie , he knocked Richard out cold with a punch after being shoved .	0.736	knocked Richard out	the Montreal Forum	cold
During their first encounter in the Montreal Forum , when Howe was a rookie , he knocked Richard out cold with a punch after being shoved .	0.678	was	Howe	a rookie
During their first encounter in the Montreal Forum , when Howe was a rookie , he knocked Richard out cold with a punch after being shoved .	0.502	knocked out cold with a punch	he	Richard
During their first encounter in the Montreal Forum , when Howe was a rookie , he knocked Richard out cold with a punch after being shoved .	0.488	knocked out cold with a punch	the Montreal Forum	Richard
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .	0.735	is	the public	interested
The city is served by two long-distance bus stations : Jiaxing North Bus Station and the new Jiaxing Transportation Center .	0.9	is served by	The city	two long-distance bus stations
Research also shows that children develop explicit understanding at age 5 and as a result , the child will count the sweets to decide which has more .	0.816	will count	the child	the sweets to decide which has more
Research also shows that children develop explicit understanding at age 5 and as a result , the child will count the sweets to decide which has more .	0.649	will count the sweets to decide which has more as	children	a result
Research also shows that children develop explicit understanding at age 5 and as a result , the child will count the sweets to decide which has more .	0.591	will count the sweets to decide which has more as	the child	a result
Research also shows that children develop explicit understanding at age 5 and as a result , the child will count the sweets to decide which has more .	0.583	will count	children	the sweets to decide which has more
Research also shows that children develop explicit understanding at age 5 and as a result , the child will count the sweets to decide which has more .	0.487	develop will	the child	explicit understanding
Research also shows that children develop explicit understanding at age 5 and as a result , the child will count the sweets to decide which has more .	0.457	will be count as	the sweets to decide which has more	a result
Research also shows that children develop explicit understanding at age 5 and as a result , the child will count the sweets to decide which has more .	0.379	develop will	children	explicit understanding
After showing obvious talent and out-classing others many years his senior , the Victorian Institute of Sport recruited him .	0.746	recruited	the Victorian Institute of Sport	him
Losing Barbara caused Dick to become estranged from Bruce for his role .	0.876	to become estranged from	Dick	Bruce
Losing Barbara caused Dick to become estranged from Bruce for his role .	0.798	to become estranged for	Dick	his role
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .	0.87	meantime went with	Stock - fund managers	less cash
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .	0.86	meantime went into	Stock - fund managers	October
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .	0.795	held in	they	this year
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .	0.577	meantime went to	Stock - fund managers	October
Aside from developing Canadian talent , he has also expressed interest in developing international talent , stating `` I 'm searching the world for superstars . ''	0.742	has also expressed	he	interest
Aside from developing Canadian talent , he has also expressed interest in developing international talent , stating `` I 'm searching the world for superstars . ''	0.624	'm searching	I	the world
In a news post , Holkins stated that he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France .	0.848	goes to	Krahulik	France
In a news post , Holkins stated that he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France .	0.728	stated in	Holkins	a news post
In a news post , Holkins stated that he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France .	0.673	reserved	he	the right to bring Carl back any time
About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short - term money market , which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government .	0.708	acts as	the short - term money market	a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation
He played for the Kangaroos in all four matches , including the final , scoring one try .	0.891	played for	He	the Kangaroos
He played for the Kangaroos in all four matches , including the final , scoring one try .	0.813	played in	He	all four matches
He played for the Kangaroos in all four matches , including the final , scoring one try .	0.357	played scoring	He	one try
Results like these indicate acoustic mimicry complexes , both Batesian and Mullerian , may be widespread in the auditory world .	0.814	may be widespread in	Batesian and Mullerian	the auditory world
Results like these indicate acoustic mimicry complexes , both Batesian and Mullerian , may be widespread in the auditory world .	0.767	may be	Batesian and Mullerian	widespread
Results like these indicate acoustic mimicry complexes , both Batesian and Mullerian , may be widespread in the auditory world .	0.723	indicate	Results	acoustic mimicry complexes
( Separately , the Senate last week passed a bill permitting execution of terrorists who kill Americans abroad . )	0.88	passed	the Senate	a bill permitting execution of terrorists
The production won a Peabody Award in April 2007 .	0.894	won a Peabody Award in	The production	April 2007
The production won a Peabody Award in April 2007 .	0.792	won	The production	a Peabody Award
The production won a Peabody Award in April 2007 .	0.768	be won in	a Peabody Award	April 2007
The production won a Peabody Award in April 2007 .	0.653	won a Peabody Award	The production	April 2007
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	0.894	dropped Marciano in	Moore briefly	the second round
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	0.861	knocked	Marciano	Moore
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	0.849	dropped	Moore briefly	Marciano
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	0.82	dropped Marciano in	Marciano	the second round
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	0.814	dropped Marciano knocking him out in	Marciano	the ninth
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	0.796	be dropped in	Marciano	the second round
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	0.751	dropped	Marciano	Marciano
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	0.738	knocked	Moore briefly	Moore
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	0.665	dropped Marciano knocking him out in	Moore briefly	the ninth
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	0.567	be knocking out in	him	the ninth
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	0.523	dropped Marciano knocking out	Marciano	him
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	0.333	dropped Marciano knocking out	Moore briefly	him
However , when compared to BLAST , it is more time consuming , not to mention that it requires large amounts of computer usage and space .	0.643	However is	it	more time consuming , not to mention that it requires large amounts of computer usage and space
However , when compared to BLAST , it is more time consuming , not to mention that it requires large amounts of computer usage and space .	0.592	requires	it	large amounts of computer usage
Cancer of the esophagus may occur in two forms .	0.842	may occur in	Cancer of the esophagus	two forms
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .	0.729	So far have provided	the Soviets	the sketchiest information
In April 2012 , the United States Department of Justice filed `` United States v. Apple Inc. '' , naming Apple , Macmillan , and four other major publishers as defendants .	0.782	filed	the United States Department of Justice	United States
In April 2012 , the United States Department of Justice filed `` United States v. Apple Inc. '' , naming Apple , Macmillan , and four other major publishers as defendants .	0.762	filed United States v. Apple Inc. naming Macmillan as	the United States Department of Justice	defendants
In April 2012 , the United States Department of Justice filed `` United States v. Apple Inc. '' , naming Apple , Macmillan , and four other major publishers as defendants .	0.711	be naming as	Apple , Macmillan , and four other major publishers	defendants
In April 2012 , the United States Department of Justice filed `` United States v. Apple Inc. '' , naming Apple , Macmillan , and four other major publishers as defendants .	0.666	filed United States v. Apple Inc. in	the United States Department of Justice	April 2012
In April 2012 , the United States Department of Justice filed `` United States v. Apple Inc. '' , naming Apple , Macmillan , and four other major publishers as defendants .	0.647	filed United States v. Apple Inc. naming	the United States Department of Justice	Apple , Macmillan , and four other major publishers
In April 2012 , the United States Department of Justice filed `` United States v. Apple Inc. '' , naming Apple , Macmillan , and four other major publishers as defendants .	0.644	be filed in	United States	April 2012
In April 2012 , the United States Department of Justice filed `` United States v. Apple Inc. '' , naming Apple , Macmillan , and four other major publishers as defendants .	0.611	filed United States v. Apple Inc. naming four other major publishers as	the United States Department of Justice	defendants
In April 2012 , the United States Department of Justice filed `` United States v. Apple Inc. '' , naming Apple , Macmillan , and four other major publishers as defendants .	0.554	filed United States v. Apple Inc. naming Apple , Macmillan , as	the United States Department of Justice	defendants
Total ` Fresh Food Story ' constructed at the end of the North Mall .	0.842	be constructed at	Total ` Fresh Food Story	the end of the North Mall
Israel recaptured both the formerly Israeli occupied sector and the pre-Yom Kippur War Syrian-controlled sector on October 21 , during Operation Dessert .	0.85	recaptured	Israel	the formerly Israeli occupied sector and the pre-Yom Kippur War Syrian-controlled sector
Israel recaptured both the formerly Israeli occupied sector and the pre-Yom Kippur War Syrian-controlled sector on October 21 , during Operation Dessert .	0.78	recaptured both the formerly Israeli occupied sector during	Israel	Operation Dessert
Israel recaptured both the formerly Israeli occupied sector and the pre-Yom Kippur War Syrian-controlled sector on October 21 , during Operation Dessert .	0.752	be recaptured during	the formerly Israeli occupied sector and the pre-Yom Kippur War Syrian-controlled sector	Operation Dessert
Israel recaptured both the formerly Israeli occupied sector and the pre-Yom Kippur War Syrian-controlled sector on October 21 , during Operation Dessert .	0.706	recaptured the pre-Yom Kippur War Syrian-controlled sector on October 21 during	Israel	Operation Dessert
Israel recaptured both the formerly Israeli occupied sector and the pre-Yom Kippur War Syrian-controlled sector on October 21 , during Operation Dessert .	0.362	occupied	Israeli	sector and the pre-Yom Kippur War Syrian-controlled sector
The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said .	0.9	was helped by	The market 's tempo	the dollar 's resiliency
Shrimp and crab are higher valued cash crops , and can be a less affordable option for larger groups .	0.564	are valued can	Shrimp and crab	cash crops
Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance .	0.861	can use this service to	Applications	record activity
Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance .	0.808	can use	Applications	this service
Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance .	0.739	can be use to	this service	record activity
Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance .	0.73	can use	implementations of other OSIDs	the service to record detailed data during development
Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance .	0.728	to record detailed data during	the service	development
Poor and Tribal children are getting to learn English and Computers through roleplay .	0.708	to be learn through	English and Computers	roleplay
Poor and Tribal children are getting to learn English and Computers through roleplay .	0.68	are getting to learn English through	Poor and Tribal children	roleplay
Poor and Tribal children are getting to learn English and Computers through roleplay .	0.678	are getting to learn	Poor and Tribal children	English and Computers
Poor and Tribal children are getting to learn English and Computers through roleplay .	0.595	are getting to learn Computers through	Poor and Tribal children	roleplay
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .	0.743	be make directly to	a tender offer	Mesa shareholders
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .	0.679	may purchase	it	more Mesa stock
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .	0.672	be has by	a 7.25 % stake	StatesWest
A public inquiry into the scheme started on 10 November 2009 .	0.9	started on	A public inquiry	10 November 2009
A public inquiry into the scheme started on 10 November 2009 .	0.615	started in	A public inquiry	10 November 2009
He had been at the Battle of the Granicus River , and had believed that Memnon 's scorched Earth strategy would work here .	0.576	had been had at	He	the Battle of the Granicus River
His wife Lucille becomes CEO , and immediately names as the new president her extremely sheltered youngest son Buster , who proves ill-equipped , as his only experience with business is a class he took concerning 18th century agrarian business .	0.794	becomes	Lucille	CEO , and immediately names
His wife Lucille becomes CEO , and immediately names as the new president her extremely sheltered youngest son Buster , who proves ill-equipped , as his only experience with business is a class he took concerning 18th century agrarian business .	0.729	be immediately names as	Lucille	the new president
His wife Lucille becomes CEO , and immediately names as the new president her extremely sheltered youngest son Buster , who proves ill-equipped , as his only experience with business is a class he took concerning 18th century agrarian business .	0.605	took concerning	he	18th century agrarian business
His wife Lucille becomes CEO , and immediately names as the new president her extremely sheltered youngest son Buster , who proves ill-equipped , as his only experience with business is a class he took concerning 18th century agrarian business .	0.603	be immediately names as	Lucille	his only experience
His wife Lucille becomes CEO , and immediately names as the new president her extremely sheltered youngest son Buster , who proves ill-equipped , as his only experience with business is a class he took concerning 18th century agrarian business .	0.499	is	CEO , and immediately names	a class he took concerning 18th century agrarian business
Kiyoko can be written many different using different kanji characters .	0.744	can be written	Kiyoko	many different
Kiyoko can be written many different using different kanji characters .	0.685	can be written many different using	Kiyoko	different kanji characters
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .	0.807	also seeks	The group	uniformity
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .	0.737	be struck by	the earlier strident notes	{ U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills
Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .	0.824	is subject to	the agreement	shareholder and regulatory approval
Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .	0.778	is	the agreement	subject
Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .	0.631	hopes to complete	the agreement	the transaction
Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .	0.569	hopes to complete	it	the transaction
Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .	0.47	is subject to	it	shareholder and regulatory approval
Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .	0.399	is	it	subject
He went on to teach 1st-8th grade at the Day School for ten years .	0.777	went to teach 1st-8th grade at	He	the Day School
He went on to teach 1st-8th grade at the Day School for ten years .	0.777	to teach 1st-8th grade at	He	the Day School
He went on to teach 1st-8th grade at the Day School for ten years .	0.75	went to teach 1st-8th grade for	He	ten years
He went on to teach 1st-8th grade at the Day School for ten years .	0.727	to be teach at	1st-8th grade	the Day School
He went on to teach 1st-8th grade at the Day School for ten years .	0.708	to be teach for	1st-8th grade	ten years
He went on to teach 1st-8th grade at the Day School for ten years .	0.7	to teach	He	1st-8th grade
He went on to teach 1st-8th grade at the Day School for ten years .	0.699	to teach 1st-8th grade for	He	ten years
He went on to teach 1st-8th grade at the Day School for ten years .	0.632	went to teach	He	1st-8th grade
Consistent with systems philosophy , systems thinking concerns an understanding of a system by examining the linkages and interactions between the elements that compose the entirety of the system .	0.769	be examining between	the linkages and interactions	the elements that compose the entirety of the system
Heimerdinger excelled in Wyoming High School competitions for three years in the categories of Humor , Oratory , and Drama .	0.92	excelled in	Heimerdinger	Wyoming High School competitions
Heimerdinger excelled in Wyoming High School competitions for three years in the categories of Humor , Oratory , and Drama .	0.899	excelled for	Heimerdinger	three years
In both cases this specialized function replaces the basic rifleman position in the fireteam .	0.798	replaces	this specialized function	the basic rifleman position
In both cases this specialized function replaces the basic rifleman position in the fireteam .	0.613	replaces the basic rifleman position in the fireteam in	this specialized function	both cases
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .	0.655	have begun focusing on	they	demand
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .	0.765	often 's resolved to	nothing	my frustration and fury
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .	0.74	feel like	I	a hung jury
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .	0.546	feel with	I	pros and cons
The Abbey School offers education for girls aged 3 to 18 .	0.797	offers	The Abbey School	education
He left that post to become the second commander of the U.S. Army 's 1st Armored Division .	0.838	to become the second commander of	that post	the U.S. Army 's 1st Armored Division
He left that post to become the second commander of the U.S. Army 's 1st Armored Division .	0.777	left	He	that post to become the second commander of the U.S. Army 's 1st Armored Division
He also possesses enhanced senses and can track people for great distances over open terrain and his feet are sensitive enough to detect electronic signals through solid walls and floors .	0.794	can track people for	He	great distances
He also possesses enhanced senses and can track people for great distances over open terrain and his feet are sensitive enough to detect electronic signals through solid walls and floors .	0.739	can be track for	people	great distances
He also possesses enhanced senses and can track people for great distances over open terrain and his feet are sensitive enough to detect electronic signals through solid walls and floors .	0.723	can track	He	people
He also possesses enhanced senses and can track people for great distances over open terrain and his feet are sensitive enough to detect electronic signals through solid walls and floors .	0.645	to be detect through	electronic signals	solid walls and floors
On May 11 , 2012 the station changed the format and the slogan from `` West Nipissing 's Lite Favorite '' to `` Today 's Hits and Yesterday 's favorites '' .	0.829	changed	2012 the station	the format and the slogan
On May 11 , 2012 the station changed the format and the slogan from `` West Nipissing 's Lite Favorite '' to `` Today 's Hits and Yesterday 's favorites '' .	0.695	changed the format on	2012 the station	May 11
On May 11 , 2012 the station changed the format and the slogan from `` West Nipissing 's Lite Favorite '' to `` Today 's Hits and Yesterday 's favorites '' .	0.55	be changed on	the format and the slogan	May 11
On May 11 , 2012 the station changed the format and the slogan from `` West Nipissing 's Lite Favorite '' to `` Today 's Hits and Yesterday 's favorites '' .	0.38	changed the slogan from `` West Nipissing 's Lite Favorite '' to `` Today 's Hits and Yesterday 's favorites '' on	2012 the station	May 11
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .	0.751	are piggybacking onto	They	developed technology
Meanwhile , Sheriff Bowman finds the fishermen and Hubs remains before visiting Shurkin and Lester , two locals who take care of alligators .	0.846	take care of	two locals	alligators
Meanwhile , Sheriff Bowman finds the fishermen and Hubs remains before visiting Shurkin and Lester , two locals who take care of alligators .	0.699	Meanwhile finds	Sheriff Bowman	the fishermen
Meanwhile , Sheriff Bowman finds the fishermen and Hubs remains before visiting Shurkin and Lester , two locals who take care of alligators .	0.336	Meanwhile finds	Hubs	the fishermen
The two groups `` turned their arms against each other . ''	0.877	turned their arms against	The two groups	each other
The two groups `` turned their arms against each other . ''	0.795	be turned against	their arms	each other
The two groups `` turned their arms against each other . ''	0.787	turned	The two groups	their arms
A furious German counterattack managed to overrun a number of American infantry positions outside of the hotel , and temporarily released pressure on the Quellenhof before being beaten off by concerted American mortar fire .	0.877	managed to overrun	A furious German counterattack	a number of American infantry positions
A furious German counterattack managed to overrun a number of American infantry positions outside of the hotel , and temporarily released pressure on the Quellenhof before being beaten off by concerted American mortar fire .	0.839	to overrun	A furious German counterattack	a number of American infantry positions
A furious German counterattack managed to overrun a number of American infantry positions outside of the hotel , and temporarily released pressure on the Quellenhof before being beaten off by concerted American mortar fire .	0.823	be released pressure on	A furious German counterattack	the Quellenhof
The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige .	0.809	must refund money to	The network	the advertisers
The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige .	0.808	must refund	The network	money
The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige .	0.659	must loses	The network	considerable revenue and prestige
The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige .	0.658	must be refund to	money	the advertisers
Hilf al-Fudul was a 7th-century alliance created by various Meccans , including the Islamic prophet Muhammad , to establish fair commercial dealing .	0.888	was a 7th-century alliance including	Hilf al-Fudul	the Islamic prophet
Hilf al-Fudul was a 7th-century alliance created by various Meccans , including the Islamic prophet Muhammad , to establish fair commercial dealing .	0.795	was	Hilf al-Fudul	a 7th-century alliance created by various Meccans
Hilf al-Fudul was a 7th-century alliance created by various Meccans , including the Islamic prophet Muhammad , to establish fair commercial dealing .	0.793	be created by	a 7th-century alliance	various Meccans
They beat Milligan 1-0 , Grand View 3-0 , Webber International 1-0 and Azusa Pacific 0-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .	0.875	beat	They	Milligan 1-0 , Grand View 3-0 , Webber International 1-0 and Azusa Pacific 0-0
They beat Milligan 1-0 , Grand View 3-0 , Webber International 1-0 and Azusa Pacific 0-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .	0.7	beat Milligan 1-0 , Grand View 3-0 , Webber International 1-0 and Azusa Pacific 0-0 to win	They	the NAIA National Championships
They beat Milligan 1-0 , Grand View 3-0 , Webber International 1-0 and Azusa Pacific 0-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .	0.689	to win	They	the NAIA National Championships
And do n't expect many complete games by pitchers -- perhaps three out of 288 , laughs Mr. Fingers , the former Oakland reliever .	0.763	be reliever of	Mr. Fingers	Oakland
In 1891 , the academy moved to the German-English Academy Building in downtown Milwaukee .	0.902	moved to	the academy	the German-English Academy Building
In 1891 , the academy moved to the German-English Academy Building in downtown Milwaukee .	0.861	moved in	the academy	downtown Milwaukee
In 1891 , the academy moved to the German-English Academy Building in downtown Milwaukee .	0.708	moved in	the academy	1891
He chose a path of confrontation , of conflict .	0.841	chose a path of confrontation of	He	conflict
He chose a path of confrontation , of conflict .	0.812	be chose of	a path of confrontation	conflict
He chose a path of confrontation , of conflict .	0.751	chose	He	a path of confrontation
They point to other easy-to-learn languages such as Tok Pisin in Papua New Guinea , which have had deleterious effects on minority languages .	0.916	point to	They	other easy-to-learn languages which have had deleterious effects on minority languages
They point to other easy-to-learn languages such as Tok Pisin in Papua New Guinea , which have had deleterious effects on minority languages .	0.358	be languages as	easy-to-learn	Tok
They point to other easy-to-learn languages such as Tok Pisin in Papua New Guinea , which have had deleterious effects on minority languages .	0.259	be easy-to-learn languages as	other	Tok
At the end of 2008 the Uzbek-Italian Joint Venture Roison-Candy was established by the Uzbek Limited Liability Company Roison Electronics with partnership of Candy Group .	0.836	was established by	the Uzbek-Italian Joint Venture Roison-Candy	the Uzbek Limited Liability Company Roison Electronics
At the end of 2008 the Uzbek-Italian Joint Venture Roison-Candy was established by the Uzbek Limited Liability Company Roison Electronics with partnership of Candy Group .	0.829	was established with	the Uzbek-Italian Joint Venture Roison-Candy	partnership of Candy Group
At the end of 2008 the Uzbek-Italian Joint Venture Roison-Candy was established by the Uzbek Limited Liability Company Roison Electronics with partnership of Candy Group .	0.641	was established at	the Uzbek-Italian Joint Venture Roison-Candy	the end of 2008
At the end of 2008 the Uzbek-Italian Joint Venture Roison-Candy was established by the Uzbek Limited Liability Company Roison Electronics with partnership of Candy Group .	0.246	was established in	the Uzbek-Italian Joint Venture Roison-Candy	the end of 2008
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .	0.607	did n't use as often as they planned	they	their membership
If convicted , he faces up to 20 years in prison .	0.773	faces	he	up to 20 years
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .	0.698	is funding	a private group of which Du Pont is a part	a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .	0.423	is	Du Pont	a part
Knievel was scheduled to jump a tank full of live sharks and would be televised live nationally .	0.744	to jump	Knievel	a tank full of live sharks
First , younger children have a discriminative ability that shows the logical capacity for cognitive operations exists earlier than acknowledged .	0.786	First have	younger children	a discriminative ability that shows the logical capacity for cognitive operations exists earlier than acknowledged
Warner is part of Warner Communications Inc. , which is in the process of being acquired by Time Warner Inc .	0.914	is part of	Warner	Warner Communications Inc.
Warner is part of Warner Communications Inc. , which is in the process of being acquired by Time Warner Inc .	0.833	is in	Warner Communications Inc.	the process being acquired by Time Warner Inc
Warner is part of Warner Communications Inc. , which is in the process of being acquired by Time Warner Inc .	0.754	is	Warner	part of Warner Communications Inc.
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .	0.589	already control	Home Shopping , QVC and CVN	most of that young and fast - growing market
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .	0.108	already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion among	Home Shopping , QVC and CVN	them
The first single , `` Dreamer , '' features performances by keyboardist Philippe Saisse , and vocalists Jasmine Roy and Rebeca Vega .	0.813	features	Dreamer	performances
In 2004 , Leahy announced plans to merge with the Boston College School of Theology and Ministry to advance BC as the world 's foremost Jesuit university and a leading center of Catholic intellectual thought .	0.878	announced	Leahy	plans to merge with the Boston College School of Theology and Ministry to advance BC as the world 's foremost Jesuit university and a leading center of Catholic intellectual thought
In 2004 , Leahy announced plans to merge with the Boston College School of Theology and Ministry to advance BC as the world 's foremost Jesuit university and a leading center of Catholic intellectual thought .	0.658	to be advance as	BC	the world 's foremost Jesuit university and a leading center of Catholic intellectual thought
In 2004 , Leahy announced plans to merge with the Boston College School of Theology and Ministry to advance BC as the world 's foremost Jesuit university and a leading center of Catholic intellectual thought .	0.381	announced plans to merge with the Boston College School of Theology and Ministry to advance BC as the world 's foremost Jesuit university and a leading center of Catholic intellectual thought in	Leahy	2004
In 2004 , Leahy announced plans to merge with the Boston College School of Theology and Ministry to advance BC as the world 's foremost Jesuit university and a leading center of Catholic intellectual thought .	0.367	be announced in	plans to merge with the Boston College School of Theology and Ministry to advance BC as the world 's foremost Jesuit university and a leading center of Catholic intellectual thought	2004
Beast gained the ability to emit mood altering pheromones , causing sexual attraction in women .	0.887	gained	Beast	the ability to emit mood altering pheromones
Beast gained the ability to emit mood altering pheromones , causing sexual attraction in women .	0.695	gained the ability to emit mood altering pheromones causing	Beast	sexual attraction
He was captured in December 2001 at the Pakistan/Afghanistan border in a widespread dragnet of Arabs , and brought to Guantanamo prison in January , 2002 .	0.891	was captured in	He	December 2001
He was captured in December 2001 at the Pakistan/Afghanistan border in a widespread dragnet of Arabs , and brought to Guantanamo prison in January , 2002 .	0.864	was captured at	He	the Pakistan/Afghanistan border
He was captured in December 2001 at the Pakistan/Afghanistan border in a widespread dragnet of Arabs , and brought to Guantanamo prison in January , 2002 .	0.634	brought to	He	Guantanamo prison
He was captured in December 2001 at the Pakistan/Afghanistan border in a widespread dragnet of Arabs , and brought to Guantanamo prison in January , 2002 .	0.537	brought in	He	January , 2002
Aside from as much as $ 3.45 billion in recently approved federal aid , the state is expected to draw from a gubernatorial emergency fund that currently stands at an estimated $ 700 million .	0.863	to draw from	the state	a gubernatorial emergency fund that currently stands at an estimated $ 700 million
He was preceded by James Hardiman , who in 1831 had published the first comprehensive attempt to collect popular poetry in Irish .	0.836	was preceded by	He	James Hardiman
He was preceded by James Hardiman , who in 1831 had published the first comprehensive attempt to collect popular poetry in Irish .	0.677	to be collect in	popular poetry	Irish
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .	0.836	has damaged new Pinkerton 's in	American Brand 's failure	an amount
Third TV drama series was broadcast in 2008 - , featuring Mao Inoue as Anmitsu .	0.919	was broadcast in	Third TV drama series	2008
Third TV drama series was broadcast in 2008 - , featuring Mao Inoue as Anmitsu .	0.726	be featuring as	Mao Inoue	Anmitsu
It is possible that , in perpetuating such myths , the ground is being laid for the arrest of opposition activists on the ground of terrorism .	0.911	is being laid for	the ground	the arrest of opposition activists
It is possible that , in perpetuating such myths , the ground is being laid for the arrest of opposition activists on the ground of terrorism .	0.646	is	It	possible
Her father held Millais responsible , and forced him to pay for her doctor 's bills .	0.794	held	Her father	Millais responsible
Her father held Millais responsible , and forced him to pay for her doctor 's bills .	0.705	to pay for	him	her doctor 's bills
Names like John Berks , Gary Edwards , Frank Sanders , Robin Alexander , Darryl Jooste , George Wayne and David Gresham all started out at LM Radio before moving to other stations such as Swazi Music Radio , Radio 702 , Springbok Radio and other SABC stations , 2JJ and Capital 604 .	0.819	started out at	Names	LM Radio
Names like John Berks , Gary Edwards , Frank Sanders , Robin Alexander , Darryl Jooste , George Wayne and David Gresham all started out at LM Radio before moving to other stations such as Swazi Music Radio , Radio 702 , Springbok Radio and other SABC stations , 2JJ and Capital 604 .	0.703	started out at	John Berks , Gary Edwards , Frank Sanders , Robin Alexander , Darryl Jooste , George Wayne and David Gresham	LM Radio
