Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
He will keep the ball down , move it around .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
Joe F. Lynch , the 56 - year - old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital - punishment measure .
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons .
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax - exempt portion of the offering late Monday .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Rated triple - A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Merrill has been the fourth - biggest stock - index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Marks declared an interim per - share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid - waste recovery and hazardous - waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know - how if the price is right .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Recently , Gen - Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non - viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second - quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital - gains tax cut if faced with a potential default .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left - wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical - practice guidelines .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write - offs the company said were non - recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre - publication costs .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short - term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential - Bache Securities .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health - care cost problem .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French - speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40 - year - old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75 - cents - an - hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
In April , the Long - Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Stock - fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Cleveland - based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles - based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Ungermann - Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer - network market in Japan than at home .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial - product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one - year waiting list for the car .
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
Meanwhile , the broad - based Financial Times 100 - share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Analysts said the nation 's second - largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti - drug programs .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . ''
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated - technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center - right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first - time purchase of stakes in companies .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one - eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
The 120 - day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday .
The subject of this discussion is non - violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
One person familiar with Georgia - Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22 - year - old student from Pasadena , Calif .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg - based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital .
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital - gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight - Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . ''
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . ''
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five - cent change in actual earnings per share .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products .
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two - part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals .
On U.S. - Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed - up relationship going back into history ... .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain - resistant products with higher quality dyes .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re - establish control in Eastern Europe .
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans .
The average six - month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then - 21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two - thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
Mr. Hahn said Georgia - Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast - moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high - temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high - performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market - research firm InfoCorp .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid - October 's 190 - point market plunge .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index - arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30 - year - old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non - violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . ''
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum - wage bill , opening the way for the first wage - floor boost in more than nine years .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190 - point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short - term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death - penalty debate .
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58 - a - share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . ''
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Those employed in state - funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new - generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate - of - need law .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
The government 's primary economic - forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The chairs are S - Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co - chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber - Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . ''
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy - chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % .
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . ''
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989 - model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment - protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times - Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest - rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third - quarter results .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing / electronic mail program called Gnu - Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T .
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin .
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share .
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Statistics Canada said service - industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14 - judge panel .
A fund manager at a life - insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big - name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage - backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell - O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . )
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . ''
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue - chip stocks registering solid gains .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
The drug has a three - dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti - miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock - fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one - yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast - growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
